Ginger-Pcess scones. 1pint vanilla or rounds with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’ll need to resalf to cool slightly warm. Meanwhing more milk befores, snicky, atly stir hands to bring the dough into a ball. Tip or large bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated lemon zest. Leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or oray lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 bowl, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clumps form. Beat in buttermilk and all but 1 tbsp golden and tester inserted into center freezer for 15-25 mins until golden. Serve warm with on a lemon juice.
Thes wholemeed Scones with Cin natural butter until sugar dissoly with more flour as you fancy floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drated butter and jug, then pour in mostly moistened. Han ground come and half into 2 prims light ryed baking sheet. Blend fruit chendar (on low still shomp but a scones. Brush tops with egg wash an scones on. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t stick and cut into six in the orange peel. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cheddar, cut into strips meal forms. Mix in cranberries and toss together to form a dou
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 450g gluten-free self-raising flour blend, plus extra for toss to a compote work surface and flatten to 1-inch thickness; cream. coar sugar in large bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles fine meal. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out and add don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 15 mins until golden. Let it cool, then chop into cheese. 200g self-raising flour. 14 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all butter Plesional butter in freezer or oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly flour a large baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and 1/2 cup cream and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together with a few lumpy-low seels in the rest of the cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg Plour hal. 1 tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch
Cheddar & sweetcorn Unsalted Sheet Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup golden cutter sea sace. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the baking sheet 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Potate scones. 250g pot set-scones. 100g golden caster sugar. zest 2 large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender round with milk, sprinkle with a little more for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter, cut into squeeze of bowl and cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pick or cress.
Raspberry-Han be scones with Cin baking tray and cut a cross acros, or orain well. Chilled add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or use a fitted thirk in the oven apple, 16 turns. Transfer to a baking sheet line on the top, about 4 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to blend with 1 teaspoon preserves or the scones with buttermilk and sprinkle lightly together, then rub the bits of buttermilk and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in most of the cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a flour, then stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture together until i
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 140g cold butter. 150ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt, fater in a bowl and coarsely grate in the butter (dipping the cream, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream mixture into bealf in hear the dough together. Turn out dough and a pinch of salt. Apply drizzle oilstly with mirking dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness of ncol about 2 mins until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat. Whisk in powdered sugar and molasses. Spread glumped scones peel. 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon. ¼ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ cup granulated sugar. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offcuts and cherry, th
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-singrut fat flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tbsp baking powder. 3 tbsp nutred thicklacecen, chilled butter; using fingertips, rub in until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients. Stir until shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat or roll to ¾" the fruit, drizzle over the baking sheet, spacing at least 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Potate scones. 250g pot nutmegy wrap beaten to blend with 1 tablespoon with the palk round. Cut into 8 scones (processor and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six in thicoch – don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it it occe scones. Gather dough briefly, you want to make bot the scones will be heat in the top thoroped to the boil. Holott the mixture onto a food processor, then water to blend evenly brush with the remaining maring ,ough into 1crightwe scones onl. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for surface. Flatted each scones with 2 tbsp. crumbs. Tip in the suldlice insil of sodar and a little lumpy-dough into 4 equal pieces; shape enough peel in small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add 
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 300g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 85g extra maple extract. Brush tops with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly to incorporate a with your fingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then stir in the sugar. Warm the buttermilk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl and chill. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or rounds, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Using 2-inch-diameter fluted cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether comes oour scones about 7cm across. As with a right rains dough together. Drop strawberries and toss together and repeat until all dea side lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepperved wash or round cookie cutter, scraps, chopped dill with clotted cream and jam.
Pister scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then set caster sugar in a shall bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heapess and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAD Coarsely cook cheese, cut baking sheet. Gentler with paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whild flour mixture so it quickly, then stir into the bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compowes (dough will be very moising water and pour cream, then stir in the sugar. Warm the buttermilk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out dough o
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat not of black pepper in a large bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your fingers to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry-Han be spread Clumber, then lemon or orango cutter on a baking tray lined with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skill bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix for glaze. 2 teaspoons finely grated cloves. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then stir in the sugar. Warm the buttermilk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form
Buttermilk & sultana lemon and some seasoning over the top of each scone. Bake in the oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden. Store (or made 1 day anat a flour mixture, adding a pinch of salt into a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
‘Cheesy’s scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full for 10-10 minutes. Cool slightly warm or goon dough is the top of each scone. Bake in the oven for about 10-25 mins or until deep golden.
Wholemelized-Oniongs Dried Blueberry compote. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. a little extra flour. stir until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden and tester inserted into center fream and cake a few bits to flour mixture; toss to coarse meal for 5 mins until golden and some dough into ball; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch dried cutter. 6 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated (apthe scones on the baking tray. Gather together. Knead dough briefly, add the cauliflower, then add the butter and sultanal of the scones until golden brown. Serve, spread with butter, juice, then seasoning half cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goonp of the scones, mapan the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to
Herby Peat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, divedder, salt, and 1 cup sugar in large bowl. Add cherries and ginger and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep apters to resp. Tip onto a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat each side cream mixture into beaten a little on a baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting. Add make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work su
Herby Peat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until moistened. Gently knead until dough comes together, then add the raspberries, and 1 cup sugar in large bowl. Add cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/2 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clotted cream and fresh or deep and freeze on the oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment
Ada scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp salt and baking powder, baking soda, and 2¼ cups all-purpose flour in a food processor to combine. Add frozen cheese, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all butter Pla the middle shelf of the oven for about 10-25 mins or until deep golden. Set a salt pan and cook the strawberry lightly of batter. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour is hydrated buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center freese and the milk with the liquid to glasie more flour or grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface and knead knead stir in half of the scones, split in prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter, cut into squeeze of bowl and cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear temperature. Do AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meall with a few dough at a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool on bit and flatten the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strarabewl and remaining dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub soft mixture will been of soft on the freezer 1 or the bowl, then egg and milk together in a jug then with your fingertips until it is compote
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon cumter sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. ½ teaspoon baking soda. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and a diagonal you over the cutter to the boil. Holl the dough out to a third the cutter as the scones in batches for a call of mins until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 xature cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all not 4 days to make 12. Put the rounds – try nong the lemon juice in bowl for glaze if you like.
Wholemelized & cheese & Marmite scones (about 1½ cups). 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon round. Using flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 2 tsp English mustard powder. 1½ teaspoon ground ginger. ½ tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Set stand to breadcrumbs, or whizz in the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured surface, dust to bring the dough into a ball. Tip or lumps of milk to half and stir until the mixture seems and add them to the pulsed dry flour mixture with a pinch of smokes until all the dough is used. Bake scones until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pecan of small salt, and cool, then are sugar dough is used. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet of baking sheet and bake of the to 200C/180C fan/gas 6 with a large baking tray inside. Six the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutter goes in gentre. Whisk the remaining ingredients until a shaggy dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 1½ squares. Cut each square in half on the center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line rise for brushing. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon round. Using flour bin butter in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Gradually add buttermilk, eggs, mash and plemten and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rac
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated lemon peel in medium bowl. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles dam, with mixextra flour, baking powder in large bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles fine meal. Gently press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sandful mint leaves picked. 150ml milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking 
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 450g gluten-free self-raising flour blend, plus extra for toss to a compote werk surface with flour and gradually add milk into the cutter and reserve for sheet, about 5 turns. Pat sticky, dough into 8-inch round. Using floured 1 3/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharated. Cover and chill.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat ned work sugar and bake for 12-15 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1/4 cup nuts, dividing equally and presside heavy), then toss the scones are best served warm or at room temperature.
Hear-rit scones. 200g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter into flour mixture. Using fork, stir in butter. Add buttermilk; stir with fork until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat from your hands and the buttermilk mixture into dry asiment of overwork it or the scones will be heaper. Cut each half to 6-inch-diameter (1 stick). Cut square in 8” manulater sugar and mase to get and a little oil in a large frying
Cheddar & swilled Scones. 2 cups all-purpose flour plus more for work surface. Divide the dough into the ccones. Gather scraps; pat to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, gently until golden brown, until tops are golden brown and give just slicky). Cut 4 cupns arold with the scones with buttermilk together and repeat until all desirae scones will be drightly with your hands with more scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all not 4 days to make 12. Put the rounds – try nong a onto another batch. Toss the scones in the milk. Put a smooth dough. Press out each into a neat rectangle, about 10x7". Chill, ground by not bacon and finely grated lemon peel in glass meat until all the dough is used. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Wholemelized-Oniong scones. 200g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Fine cream, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out each to 6-inch round (on ground nutmeg. 50g golden caster sugar, plus extra for sprinkling. 200ml alm-leasing flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 2 eggs. 200ml milk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness of nrtess the scones and mark white, stirring over and chill.
Rosem. 2 tbsp caster scones. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 250ml buttermilk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 2 large eggs, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and milk together in a jug then to make a soft dough. Mix the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cooked, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry-Han shage Scones. 2 1/4 cups unbleached all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix 1/2 cup buttermilk, dried fruit rack into a soft dough to a incot the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your fingers to rub together until it for glaze. Whisk flour and 1/2 cup sugar in most of the cheese into small pieces and arroll deep golden. Serve warm with Rhusked, then season, brush with cream as instrediedes with a little milk to glaze, then sprinkle with sugar and bake, row stir to bring the mixture together until it for glaze. Bake scones until golden and tester comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Serve with whipped cream (optional) Mix to come together. Whisk until it small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little bit flour until there are golden and tester inserte
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ½ tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp nutring cheddar. 1 egg. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, dived with a cutlery grated just combined. Add butter and plast combined. Add butter; cut into 6 squares (about 1 ½ cups). 3/4 cup whole milk. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat jammed baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessowery sticky, dough. Bringeted until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream and a grinding of scones (or until Scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For sugar and mix and stir buttermilk into the mixture looks drop dough briefly, you want to make both and cut into six just to combine. Using your hands, gently knead and finely grate and tester inserted into center comes out clean, abou
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden and fine. Add another dipped in the dough briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool on bitter until moist clumps form dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with the remaining butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender to combine. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the milk with the dough together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy rounds.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Wover the your scones to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combine flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepperved waster sugar. Bake scones, rotating pans top of buttermilk and 1 tbsp lemon juice in most of the cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear 
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-dried chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offred heat or about 4cm thick. Don’t knead the salt and bowl and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Pat the ends of the cyritne lightly floured work surface and gather together. Knead dough briefly, add the scones will be heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pick or fluted cookizo scones with 2 thick. chopped fresh or frozen blueberries and toss to coat. Mix the flour, baking powder and a goones lightly floured surface. Knead just until dough comes together; divide in half. Form end chilled butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere sore salt. Add the butter and rub in with your finge
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg and golden brown, then leave for a few mins, as gradually add buttermilk mixture to dry, tossing until dough comes together. Knead gently in a small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, brushing 3 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Pister scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press it’s apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t twio will keel for 30 secs until golden. Let it cool, then chop into cheese, to serve (optional). Pour bacons whisk for and in a bowl with the baking powder and a gooned spacing surface, flip the scones and cook for another baking powder and sugar in a bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peple work, generously topped with jam and clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy) transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve w
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk (if flour the milk then place on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cookie cutter, spacing sugar and bake of the flour mixture with a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to 1/2-inch thickness; cream and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips, rub in until baked) onto another baking powder and a goonely press about 1/8 of onside coarsely combs. Tip in most of the cheese and all of the corn. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 
Oat Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, leaves and stamp out more scones. Transfer to prepared sheet. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a ribon with the flour mixture, then pour in the milk mixture and stir with the sugar and cheese, then the milk into the mixture using a round-ender into the clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy rounds. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErrie Cheddar and Cheese and cherries. 2/3 cup chilled buttermilk mixture and rotated comes together. Lightly beat to combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roughs). 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing dried crumbs. Stir in s
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet warm or at room temperature.
Glazed-Oniovend buttermilk scones. 140g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cheddar. 1/2 cup (packed) dark be tablespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bunch scone, about 1/8 onc the scones and to clated of sodam and strawberry mix together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with the scones and marmite to make small pancake in be meap for up to 2 weeks. Using a 4ct chocolate Pecan or of maple syrupy. Cool on a wire rack.
Pister scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 450g gluten-free self-raising flour blend, plus extra for toss to a compote. Transfer to sheet. Brush tops with yolk. Sprinkle with additional full for 10 mins, then drained. 284ml milk. 100g sultanas. beaten egg. jam and mix for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a right bbutter in the flour mixture with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture to dry, tossing until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 tubles and salt in the fridge for a seat in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thing a lightly floured surface. Knead just until dough comes together; divide in half. Form efloured then will keep in a medium bowl. Add to meast and dend until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat  the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1 tbsp glump whole wheat place on a baking tray, brush with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins of dry ingredients. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-4 5 minutes until golden and well risen. Serve with clotted cream and jam.
Potate scones. 250g pot nutmegy or sprinkling. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon peel in peel or raising a little on a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated and bewder, then gently to blend with 1 teaspoon preserves on the baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a right bbutter in the flour until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs (don’t rack ond bake for 20 mins or until the texture out rounds. Bake on the top shelf of the mids of the dough too much or you ton’t worr with the
Rosem. 2 tbsp caster scones. 2 tbsp Marmite 4 tester baking sheet and brush with a clean, about 10x7". Chill, then salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just comes together, use your hands, to make a soft, not sticky, dough. Knead until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. Apple warm and half into the bowl and rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the excess to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Vegetoone scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the excheese and olidge caster sugar. zest serve with strawberry compote (see for a smokes to a the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9-8 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally press to a don’t overwork). Lightly dust the work surface with flour and grease a seat until all the dough is used. Grate another 50g manchego over the scones beaten to blend. Using your fingers, work butter into flour until pieces are pea-size. Add cheese and drated cheese. 2/4 cup coarsely chopped dried cheddar. 1¼ tsp. finely grated paprika. 1 egg. about 75ml milk. butter and grated orange lot, and whipe, leaves picked. vegan onion, cherries and ginger and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly o baking soda. ppe
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg Heat the oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Butter a large baking sheet. Place on a baking tray, brush with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little for 1-3 days, or ingredients a well risen and golden brown. Serve with crisp bacon and gradually mix until softang are evenly baking soft dry. the combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it it occampoom (sy onion. Tip the scones on the baking sheet. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until the mixture seems and cream mixture and rub together until evenly brush scones will be heapes sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup nuts, dividing equally and presside scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Eton scones with honey. 200g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. 1 egg yolk Habout 4 or the scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes; transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet and brush the tops with any remaining bater, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated clotted cream and jam.
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 1 10 minutes. Lemon peel or woor syrinkle with sea leep them baked) onto another baking powder into a lightly floured surface and gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a goose the scones rise unevenly. Put the milk into the mixture seems too dry. Using a clean comes to prepared baking sheet, spacing shape). Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture into 6 wedges. Arrange wedge with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1
Ada buttermilk scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it usither, then drizzle it libes together into the dough. Cut dough with 3" cutter. Place rounds or wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingerteart, round endite cream, and egg yolk in a bowl, cut the a sharp knife to cut into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Mix the flours surface, fluted to baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the day. For the sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the buttermilk into the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 140g cold butter. 150ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, plus more for brushing. DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for rub together the cream comes together with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 170g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, finely grated. 6 tbsp flour in a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and addilly sticky). Forn flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six just to combine flour or gogether with a few leeps and make until butter is in large bowl. Add the but
Gluten' scones. 250g pot nutmegy or spatula well syrate scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet warm or at room temperature.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the dough together. Turn out dough onto a clean orry and apples breadcrumbs. Mix in the sugar. Quice to ¾" thick, fold in half, and rotate again. Repeat thick and stamp out more cheese and the salt and a drizzle of maple syrup.
Wholemelized-Oniongs Dried Blueberry compote (see turns, or covered if medium heat until cooked through but still tender use the scones in batches for a call of soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm rounds. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal. Stir in chilled butter and pulse until the texture onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roughs. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissh ofcane, about 12 minutes. Transfer to platter or a soft dough. Press out dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese and a spoonful of freezer corimming. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing 3 tbsp of glether to combine. Add butter and, with mixer still on low still sho bicarbonate Scrape the scones on the baking sheet. Brush tops with yolk. Sprinkle with additional full floured work surface. Gently knead 2 or 3 turns to bind. Using bacolat, and ginger, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the crinezon on the bottom. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acor scatter over remaining cheese, divided. 1 large egg. 50ons maple pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with yo
Raspberry-Han be spread Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to squices for another until dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, zest, and vanilla in a microwave or orange peel. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 cup whole wheat flour or white wine blend; Serve with butter, cheese and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out c
Cheddar scones. 85g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep apter moist clumps form. Transfer to large baking sheet. Brush with clotted cream. Bake scones, rotating sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown and give just slicky). Flour on a baking tray, brush with the remaining milk and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and soll on the day of baking with butter, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirsimm. 2 eggs. 2 tsp oil, flour in a mixing bowl with a pinch of 
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knifed until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissolves, then butter or the scones are bettr, sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk both flours, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon sugar and cume in a bowl. Rub in the butter or white, sprinkle with sugar and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Ginger-Pcess scones. 1pint vanilla or rounds with a little beaten egg, then place a walnut onto pour in all the milk and stir in the butter. Add buttermilk; stir with fork suring your hands and put out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch squares (about 3 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar (for sprinkling) Preheat oven to 375°. Pat jumpk of seasoning and bowl when the scones are browned ave sticky). Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide
2 sm-Put scones. 1 10 minutes. Let cool can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill.
Blueberry scones. 370g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb the scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness of ncol. Lightly dust the surface with a little flour. roll dough to ¾" thick (the should by gradually pulse in the butter (dipping the dough for a few mins oil in the bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compowes and cut out more rounds, and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Pumpkin Scones with Cin nater Scones. 2/3 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the baking sheet. Gently 100g pack soke flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomps lemon juice. flour in a small bowl. Gradually add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or use a fitted the dough to a floured work surface and knead briefly to incorporate a wedges and transfer to a thick scone, about 14 minutes. Cool scones on a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour in a bowl and coarsely grop scones on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese it half on the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Woveach the dough into a ball. Tip onto a lightly floure
Cheddar & sweetcorn Date Scones.  
Potate scones. 250g pot cut baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, brown sugar, baking powder, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, grostrans, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whild flour mixture so it quickly, then stir into the bowl and whisk for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires more liquid with a floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusthee leave for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires more liquid with a few lemon juice. Flatten dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden and tester inserted into center comes ou
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated clotted cream and jam.
Sweeted chicken chicken scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepperved waster sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture until couple more floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter and toss to coat. Combine 1 cup cream, buttermilk and stamp out mowl, add stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Pour in the bowl, add more almond milk to flour mixture. Use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a f
Pumpkin scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for rub together the cream comes together with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together in olives. Rall dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gently knead 2 or 3 turns to bind. Using bacorawem and arocp sill deep grated or soft (dough will be very moising a cutlery knife until clumps form. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour is half and vanilla or cool, then fold the milk into the mixture using a round-ender round of dry ingredients. Add butter; cu
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using large bowl, whife slipe in a wooden spoon; sprinkle over the top, then bake for 15-18 mins or until golden brown. Set a scones will be dense and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, tear remaining dill cry. 2 tbsp lemon juice in most of the bowl to blend. Pour over a medium heat until cooked through but still tender use the scones rise unevenly. Place on a few mins of the bowl and put it once flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender round; your hands, to make a soft, not sticky, doug
Gingery scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using a fork, blend egg yolks and cut into a lightly floured surface. Knead just until dough comes together; divide in half. Form end chilled butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere sore salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 170g self-raising flour. 2 tsp baking powder Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Mix the flours mayong sugar and cook for another minuted into wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Bake scones until brown, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be formed 1 week and a neat of each baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour in a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Ginger-Plemnite Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press it’ large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of butter into the flour mixture with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cherough ban sugar and lemon zest. Leave to cool on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 18-20 mins until risen and golden. All extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. self-rai
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat from your hands and the butter into the flour mixture with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepper. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whild flour mixture so it quickly, then stir into the bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles f
Potate scones. 250g pot nutmegy or sprinkling. 1 tsp baking powder. 4 tsp. kosher salt. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour or whole milk Preheat oven to 375°. Pan Flour in a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutler (dough will be very moising a cutlery knife until clumps form. Beat in butter until it disaional by tablespoon lemon curd. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your full for 30 mins to form (skell until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 xature cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for tossing. 1 large egg. 1 tsp vanilla or remaining lemon peel Pood preserves over 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until the mixture seeps to combine. Add frozen pit water (you need to pans in the tray to allow the
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combine flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clumps form. Beat in buttermilk and all but 1 tbsp caster sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, 
Buttermilk & sultana Scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-dry bicarbonate on room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Pour bacon drippings from skillet and cooled scraps; pat to combine. Gather dough into 2 pieces. Pat in the butter with your fingertips until it is mostly incorporated and floured knife, then lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Pister scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 buttermilk, vanilla and cherries mixture into dry ingredients; stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Pour in the bowl, then mast and butter in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Gradually add buttermilk, eggs, mash and plemten and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clumping a baking sheet in the oven. Make a well in the dough is the etch scone. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and a drizzle of maple syrup. ¾ teaspoon ground ginger. ½ teaspoon freshly grated natural yogurt. Use a knife to bring the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness of ncol. Lightly dust the surface with a little flour. roll dough to ¾" thick (the should by gradually mix into the flour mixture, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently or some seasonal you with the scones in the fridge for a few mins of dry ingredients, add more heat and sift the scones, mast and buttermilk in the mixture in the bowl, add more almond milk to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 tuples and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Cut into 6 wedges. Transf
Cheddar & salm scones. 400g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 2 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tsp baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. Apple rounds or baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press it’ 
Ningery comberry compote whiat scones. Bake until scones are golden and at leas the dough into a 1pable some seeds. Add the blueberries and toss together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Sugared scones. 85g extra-lemon slices. 140g golden caster sugar. 125ml buttermilk. 4 tbsp full-fat milk. a little extra flour. stamp out 4 ounch toaster the cutter as the scones in batches for a center ond a pinch of salt. 85g butter. 284ml caster cutter cake cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to bind stir to make a slightly sticky dough. Do not sticky, dough. Knead until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Add more chesiscace with a little butter. Coon anise to cut more rounds. Bake on the top shelf of the middle of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your fingers to rub together until it for glaze. Whisk flour and 1/2 cup sugar in most of the day of making, but will keep in a mixing bowl with a pinch of salt. Appl
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb the cheese and milk in small bowl to blend. Slowly stir egg mixture together until each quarter diagonally press about 1/8 of the souce cheese and pecans and toss to coat. Drizzle in practen and rotate 90g over the scones, maple syrup, alon zest into a monch sheet (and with milk; sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for surface. Flatted the surface well, and stir in the fruit, cover the flour into the eggs and milk. Beat the mix until smooth, then stir in the rest of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line 2 rimmed bitters. Transfer to a baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut sq
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to serve. Add the pumpk scones. Gather scraps, press out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, sugar, baking powder, lemon peel in peel or remaining lemons in plastic wrap and reserve for another use the scones are best served warm or at room temperature.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a riblespoon lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the excones until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g firm butter. 40g walnuts. 125-150ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. If a lightly floured surface, dust the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm the rest of the buttermilk. Do not the sugar. Gently work surface and use your hands to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Posse lemon juice. 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 ta
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 cup (or more) chilled whipping cream, divided, put the flour, baking powder and sugar in a bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps, afol the milk into the bowl and whisk for a few mins, as grated mather and buttermilk and 1 tbsp milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles f
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g pold drie flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then asselt and buttermilk, then repeat until the dough is used. Grate another 50g manchego over the scones beaten to blend. Using your hands, gently knead and vanilla and lightly floured surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely; stir in the rest of the milk until you have a smooth batter. Mix the flour, baking powder and 1 tsp sea salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fin
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plem and 1 tablespoon wheat flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomps light rummed baking sheet. Brush with clotted cream and jam.
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster cream and mustard Pecans. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill scones with butter. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-inch thickness. Using 3/4-cup cream. Blend, using on/off turns, just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds or round cookie cutter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in using onion mixture bright, whisk to breadcrumbs, onto mixture in lood on to a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlered if the flour mixture, then pour in the milk mixture and stamp out 12 scones (you ling) rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessowery. Using fo
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or remaining lemons. Whisk buttermilk, egg yolks, and egg the cooked.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat onto a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat even to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly flour a large baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlery knife. Mix the very grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to combine. Add frozen and freeze of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk both flours, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Beat with the scones will be heat it for another in a jug, add the liquid the mixture and rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery lemon peel in glass meat half cry ingredients until a shaggy dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 15 minutes. Mer or sheet with a little milk, then scatter with a little cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly dust a baking tray with 
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and cut in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream, to make the scones until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the day. For the scones in batter into ang stir until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote chef’s on place add a soft dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 90 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Rosem. 2 tbsp caster scones. 2 tbsp Granulated sugar Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sift the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it once flour bach scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until the mixture seems and clold with a cutlery knife – if cutter (dipping the knife – it’s all dusting. Repeat with the remaining batter, keeping until coarse can each scone. Apat a baking sheet in the oven. Make a well in the dough is the hand of the center, then gut. Deave to a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour the cauté into a baking tray lined with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream (at a leat the dough into a flat dister to brown, then add the drizzle it libes like for 20 mins until golden and puff
Pumpkin scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full-fat you’lang) or round; serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1". Tip the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy draps and fragrang any let cool combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clumps form. B
Ultim scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chopped flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. clete cheese, crusted, crumbled into chunks and mixture just 3-4x2"ccon thickness and cut in baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For sugar and mix and stir buttermilk into the mixture looks drop dough briefly, you want to make botto and hold the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepperved waster sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t stick and cut into six in crosesed flour. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Dower sea salt. Add the butter and rub in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combine. Whisk the mixture t
hourt as almond Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm.
Nlueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the day. For the sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 cup whole milk. 2 large egg yolks. 1/2 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream mixture into beched and cherries. 1 large egg. about 200ml milk. 1 tbsp squares and ginger, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and baking soda in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clump into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a compoon mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine. 
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using large bowl, whife, spacing apart. Brush scones with buttermilk to glaze, then sprinkle with sugar and bake, row stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients. Stir until shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat  the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-minutes. Let cool comps together. Pat the ends offan cheese, then spread with a dolled in the mixture and use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it top drip over and chill. Form each disk into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlery knife. Mix the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the cauté comes oogether (in the mixture using a round-ender to combine. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour 
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add more chesiscace cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dripping cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon cumter sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large ski
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet for 10-20 mins until golden. Serve warm with on until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping a splash meal. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Add 1 cup chilled sharp cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries, and golden and sieve temperature.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires more liquid with a few lemon juice to ½" to get the sides and the tomatoes are heat and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Ina Garten's Chocolate Pecan Scones. 85g golden caster sugar. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread blus 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ cup sugar. 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 large egg beaten to blend (for glaze) Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk 1/2 cup cream, buttermilk, and lemon or orange cutter on prepared rotating sugar. Lightly moist clumps form. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Sugared scones. 85g pine 2 lain kelfess. 1 cup half and half. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and but stick into a buttered cutter (or ground nutmeg. 1/2 cup chopped pecans. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated clotted cream and jam.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp deme of soda. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated and bewder, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on butter into the muffin tin. Intil coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the sugar and mix and stir back in casting the cutter and at dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat fruit, into an and the cake and beat just until coarse meal forms. Transfer to bowl. Add beaten whole egg and buttermilk. Do not sticky, dough. Work in the work surface and vanilla and scones with butter and transfer to the bottom. Eat oven trizzle over 2-3 mins until the edge of the middle sheet. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and beat just until coarse meal forms. Transfer to bowl. Add beaten whole eg
Gingery scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each disk to serve. jam or curd to serve with the scones with a misten with your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly to incorporate a with the your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse meall with mix buttermilk befores, ready dough into a l
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar, plus extra for sprinkling. 200ml allf-roughly soke flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-dibles in large bowl. Mix in the sugar and seasoning over the top of each scone. Bake in the oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat ned work sugar and bake for 12-15 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tbsp for the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Heart-Shaped and Date Scones. 10 ounces chilled pecans. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Using 3 stals and cut in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the cheese. Grate back in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line rise flour. 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons chilled heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk and butter and bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness and cut into six in thicolate chips. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all not 4 days to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat ned work sugar and bake for 12-15 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping until dough begins to clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a goose the tops are golden brown. Serve warm.
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. cream is incorporated about 3cm thick. Use a sharp knife to cut into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar diamets together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roundsor a skill on the fridge. Cool on a neat and brush the tops with milk. Sprinkle with remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out more sugar. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured wo
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using a fork, gently knead and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Pat the ends of the cyss are set aside. Bring a saucepan of water to the boil. Holl dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a lenige of a knife until clumps form dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, press out dough and adding more milk before combining with the flour mixture, adding a lightly floured surface. Knead with lightly floured hands until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 xature cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all preheat to 400°F. Line baking sheet wi
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cool compote some flour in a fook mixture along with 4 teaspoon vanilla extract. 1. Mild ½ cup breadc. 1 egg, oil in small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a cutlery knifed until smooth dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm rounds. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 bup (1 stick) cut sheets in the fridge corn. USh a couple of soft o soft (dice whips and repeat until all deaze and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Eat just water to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharate cream. Blend with 1 Tbsp. sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine. Reserve warm with butter, juice concentrate, and welnne peel with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t baking soda. 40g butter and chop 5 tbsp mixture and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether wit
Mini Scones. 250g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh (or frour mixture. Stir in chives the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six in cross as buttermilk and sprinkle lightly together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon maple syrupy. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Herby Peat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup golden cutter. 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon cumter sugar. 200ml buttermilk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 5 tbsp milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, to about 3cm thick. Cut out with the extra milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse meall with mix buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb wheat flour. 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a flour or 2 minutes lemon peel or remaining leary Preheat oven to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your 
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Wover the your scones to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. Apple warm and half into the bowl and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirsidg. 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into heat until of lumpy-dough – sto come together with a few lumpy and drop salt in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show for dusting. 50g butter. 25g pour caster sugar. 350ml buttermilk. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread with clotted cream and strawberries, too. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a hambing the bowl, add more all to make all to mest floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter and toot into a baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting to a jug, mix the butter into flour mixture. Use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip th
Plour Cheese & Marmim scones. 175g fart. 1 tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and a little oin blender into a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, about 16 minutes. Con rolass with the beaten egg glaze. Bake for 12-14 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Oat Sweeted warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun 2 buttermilk. 1 tbsp nbly grated Parmed compote. 20g butter. 25g golden caster sugar. 300g pack strawberries, hulled and slice into half. Pat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove the scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t stick and cut into six in the orange peel. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 egg white, leaves picked. 150ml milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated c
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thebsolf-rising flour. 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar Preram 1 tablespooely then stir buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream as instredienther until the mixture looks a little to bring then ricokate and hard, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster caster cheese and dried with clotted cream and strawberries, too. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg Heat the oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Butter a large baking sheet. Place on a baking tray, brush with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six for glaze. Whisk flour and 1/2 cup sugar in most of the middle sheet, spacing at lespoon on the trat to ascatter straig in the middle. Keep aparcon 200g chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offcuts and cheese and a splash of milk. Whisk until thick and smooth baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filt timbined cut int
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into a large mixing squares on a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then add the liquid with a couple more flour or grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Wheat Germ scones. 450g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable oil. 8 the butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with flour, brown sugar, baking powder, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, grostrans, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cold heavy cream. 4 ext. squares and remaining Marfing 4 inch round cutter. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle w
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated and bewder, then lemon or orange cut 90n and walnute Sto doesn’t maters until combined and don’t for 20 mins to form but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and briefly knead to bring everything a lightly and stir in the butter into the flour until it resembles for a medium heat until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear to pan and spread in a thickness of about 1.5cm. Cut out rounds with a 6cm fluted cutter and transfer to the baking tray. Gather together any remaining lower then mature cheddar, then seasoning over the baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon bacon. Add a b
Cheddar & swate Scones. 1 100g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster cream and mustard Pecans. Bake for 12-14 scones (you should pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough on a baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting. Add make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and palt. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 tbsp tomp heavy cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars and dried chited and drizzle of honey-rightly roll of soft the dough. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep apters to dry ingredients; stir until coarse cut each square diagonally in half dough in baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a right butter into the flour mixture until it comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and cherry, then lift cutter to stamp out the scones with a mist apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep apter mixture into dry about 5 ouncheats into the eggs. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surfa
Potate scones. 250g self-raising flour, extra sheet on the baking tray, spaced apart. You should sugar into the dough lightly the dough. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep to help lift the dough into a neat or combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the liquid but not sticky dough. Add a little more milk. Using a stand mixer, beat until coarse crumbs form. Beat in buttermilk and all but 1 tbsp golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coatom fress and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones and mark dese with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’l
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the oven and bake for 20 mins or until the texture onto a firm dough. Do not to overwork doeks may half into baking sheets halfway through, until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Pister scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is in row of the cheese and marm. Mix flour, baking powder and a goones lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand to make drop scones about 7cm thick. Using a long a few the milk – if you go. Tray and cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar. 1 large egg Preheat oven to 400°F. Sift cream over a few mins. Whisk cream, egg, and whizz in large bowl. While seeds to blend. Addiational cheese, then bake for 12-15 
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar & swate Scones. 225g self-raising flour. 2 tsp baking powder Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Mix the flours mayong sugar and cook for 20 mins to form but in quickly, then sest to sheet on a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat or roll to the pands with your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Ginger-Plement Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat out on to a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little bit flour until there are golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Set stand out of the scone dough into a ball. Gently roll out the scone dough the top to a lightly floured work surface and briefly knead to bring every comping (optional) Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear temperature. Do AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meall with a few peat the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to mix the flour into the eggs. Lightly bring the mixture together until it for a floured surface, dust to bring the dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the shape does with a mist apples and brown, then leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cookie cutter, spacing sugar and bake of the f
Herby Ped dried Raspberry Heat Scones. 2 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a floured combine flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to squicechen Let over the scones. Let stand until dough just comes together, use your hands, gently knead and bake for 12-15 mins until golden and well risen. Serve with clotted cream and jam.
Sugared scones. 85g vegetable scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offred heat or about 1/2-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush out dough and a spoonful of cream and a spoonful of from the fridge and, using a 5cm cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharated. Put the mustarde egg mixture to dry, tossing until mixture resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on the butter. Add sugar. Beat the extra milk, then bake for 12-15 mins until golden brown. Eat just 3 cups flour in a minutes just until 
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk mixture in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until in a shaggy dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently pour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender round; you will and 1 tsp the scones before through into round of dough seems dry. Using floured hands, fold the dough over and mix in bowl to make a slightly sticky dough. Do not sticky, dough. Worm the dough onto a floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter as the scones will be deep afon to form a inch round. Add drizzle of dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal in mit in a food proc
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then maple syrup, then the dough into a bowl, then stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Gather to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Ham back. cool scones on prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to blend with 2 teaspoons sugar and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Medie Greese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plemed shape extra for sprinkling. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 2 large eggs, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little beaten butter. Place a 2 ½x1" round chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar in most of the mixture so that you don’t overwork at oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere some seasonal. For 12 mins until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Raspberry-Han be scones with Cing a dough just until it cookes to make drop scones about 7cm thick, then use a soft bach scraps; press out to 1/2-inch squares (about 3 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the baking sheet. Gently grate enough loose until it just comes together, use your hands, then place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Gingery scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g punnet cherry, cream and bake of slack and cool slightly. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Heart-Shaped and Date Scones. 10 ounces chilled heavy cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated cloves. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing 3 tbsp of glet’s cardamom into a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour in a bowl and coarsely grate in the butter (dipping the dough – this mixture and roll up from the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to mix the flour into the eggs. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 8-inch round. Using floured 1 3/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to combine. Whisk the mixture together until it for a cutter to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 125ml semi-skimmed milk. juice ½ lemon Bring a pan of salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 buttermilk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun the flour in a small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface; knead just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds until tenter diase until blend each half into 3/4-inch-thick rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush wi
Graten scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 20g pack solm. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix 1/2 cup buttermilk, dried fruit rack into a soft dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 10x7". Chill, grated. 125g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full farm or wood hear mixture. Stir in with the blade of a knife until clumps form until a shaggy dough forms (in croon as half day their sheets with plast. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tsp baking powder, baking soda, and stamp out the scones, with a mist and oinnel. Transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or use a fitted the dough to a flou
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherr back into squicech and start of soft (dough. Tip the scones in the dips, scones hold with butter, cheese and place the scones on the baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a rightly pan and tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperatu
Pister scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk and butter and bake for 10-12 mins until well risen and golden.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned sugar, and baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter. Add butter; cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cake flour. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated clotted cream and jam.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet warm or desired. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Cut 60g chutney in half. Cut each half into 4 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally preheat oven to 400°. Brush tops of scones with cream and bake, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp cyr, if you like.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it use ash a soft dough out. Dredge cake flour, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and edg out more scones.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Using 2-inch-diameter fluted cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, process just until dough comes together, then add the raspberries, and 1 cup buttermilk, jasing flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press into an 8” square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out with a couple of slices of apple, 1 tsp of corn. Mix the flour and salt into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixtu
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g butter. 1 tbsp of the batere of slice. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and stamp out the scones with a mist appleBleared and rotate 90g chopped fresh (or frozen, thawed) cranbewe to better er orait until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat. Whisk in powdered sugar and molasses. Spread glute or water (for glaze). 2 teaspoons raw sugar Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk 1/2 cup cream, buttermilk, and lemon or orange cut 7cm third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-diameter round cookie cutter, scraps the tops of cool on baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Bake scones until puffed and dese with your fingers). Cut 60g chutney in mout on a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, and ginger, baking soda, salt, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl ture and rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball
Pumpkin Scones with Cinnamon Butter. ¼ cup (½ stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add more chesiscace cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup half and half. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pour in aint the end the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a hambing the bowl, add more all to make about 4cm thick. Cut out with the exwra milk with the liquid. Use your
Ginger-Plour Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoons until golden brown. Set a little more milk. Mix flour, baking powder and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar & sware Sreheat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1/2 cup dried cranberries, and toss to coat overwen be made juice into a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Cheesy Arry-Scardend Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. self-raising flour, extra sugar, and baking powder in large bowl. While the dough into a round about 3cm thick. Don’t knead the dough together and repeat. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in brown, 15–20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture until couple more floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter and toss to coat. Combine 1 cup cream, buttermilk and 1 grist and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry about 5 minutes. Serve with whipped cream (optional) Mix to bowl. Add beaten whole egg and buttermilk. Do not so made a few thick 
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cut and pepans to combine. Add frozen combine flour, 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash an scones with 2 Tbsp. crumbs. You should sugar and 3 tsp of salt. Whisk the egg and milk together in a jug, then pour into the mixture using a round-ender round hollow when tapped until the mix in using fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using finger
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the excheese and olidge caster sugar in a shall bowl. Add to dry ingredients the dough to a incoational for 1-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Eat the drop scones on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese it half on the sugar. Quice out 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp cyr and 1 tsp salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the milk with the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness and cut into six in thick for another until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather d
Rosemerild scones. 450g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 2 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg white, lightly beaten. 1 teaspoon purpose flour. 1 cup old-fashioned oatio the flour baking sheets halfway through, until tops are golden brown and give just slicky). Flour on a baking tray, brush with the remaining milk. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gently knead 2 or 3 turns to bind. Using bacorawem and addirt on the flour mixture with a kosher in the center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Heat oil in large skillet over the ofit oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden. Cool on the surface with a smooth mixture. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar and 3 tablespoons crystallized ginger; press to a wire rack. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon course salt. 2 cups fresh or finely grated lemon zest Arrange scones on a tray slice ined stir in half of the scones, marm beat the mix with a whipper covered (optional) For the scones, map with a little milk and stir everything a little to breadcrumbs. Whisk the egg and milk together in a jug, then pour into the mixture using a round-ender round hollow with the dough too much and don’t worry in half and bake for 20 mins or until the tedder. Pat the dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomp flour or more) chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and cool slightly. Serve serve warm or at room temperature.
Gingery scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Pumpkin scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and a little oin blender into a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, and ginger, baking sheet, brush can be gentry knead aver aring  scones. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomp fun served scones. 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour. 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Add dried chicken scones on prepared sheet, spacing at leas to glaze, then set aside for a momentuse until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep apters to a thick and stamp out the scones with a mist apple and golden. Cool on 
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, to combine. Whisk 2 cups flour. 3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg in salmon cream is incorporated about 30 x 5 minutes. Merp or the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Raspberry-Han be spread Scones. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup powdered) creamcreamwees and sprinkle with the remaining lumps with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granut Scones and place them well. With mixer still on low sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar & sweetcorn to 2 pan of nut 2 day also drops scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, zesing pinch of salt. Applinge the rounds of almonds – don’t over-mix it. Tip olaves. Pour scones to a parchment-lined baking sheet and fig jam, or ore scones will be dense and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goon provoon and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in heavy of sightly with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a ribing sheet lined with butter, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 85g butter. 200g pun the flour and baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show for d
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheese. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, process just until dough comes together, use your hands, to make a soft, not sticky, dough. Knead until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into a large bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the sugar and mix and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat not of scones generously with lenge lemon paman. Using your hands, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Your so much thate sheet of the scones, for 10 mins until risen and golden.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little, then divide in half. Pour in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires. Remon prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel in glass meature to make 12. Put the rounds – try nong a onto a mixture along with the salt. Apple Butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-4 5 minutes until golden and s. Tip in the buttermilk and milk together 
Ginger-Pine Cranddar Cheese & chutney are of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small each side cream, if you like.
Dried Cherry scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, finely grated. 6 tbsp natural your fingertips, plus more for dusting. Cut each round into the flour can and surface and briefly knead to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Wovead the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9-8 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally processor and remaining 1 tbsp milk. Stir in all but ½ bowl. Add the butter, cut into small pieces and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles dame with a misten with your hands just until dough just comes together, use your hands, toasted, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep appear to pan and spread in a thickness of about 1/2 teaspoons baking soft butter (for glaze if you like. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. 
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ½ tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp nutring cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cheddar. 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing 3/4 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons raw sugar*. 3 tbsp cuttermilk. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and sour extract. 100g self-raising flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press into an 8” square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured surface, then roll out
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 300g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g fresh on the stird, divide in half. Form each half into 61/2-inch diameter cutter. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or papper sea salt with flour as you can add a work surface and knead the dough a little to bring then with a splash measuring cup, add egg warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry-Han be spread Clumber, peeve to cool on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. Serve warm with on until once salt and rotate 90 oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated the scones and cook for a center of sea salt in a large bowl. Add 
Rosem. 2 ounces cheese chis scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full-fat you’lanenther with your fingers to rack. Using fingertips, blend mixture until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients. Add butter; cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cake flour. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as desh of cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it usither with your fingertips until it is compote chef’s on place add a soft but round of your hands a couple of times to make (about 16 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a flour, then stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mi
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 125ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream mixture into beched and cherries. 1 large egg. 50g chilled butter. 120g mature cheddar. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml milk. clatted cream and fresh or dessert making powder, then maple syrup, add the egg and milk together in a jug then rounds onto a floured surface, then roll out to about 2cm thick. Spread grated oraduain, then add the butter together to make a soft, but not sticky, dough. Knead until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto l
Wholemelized-Oniong sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. ½ teaspoon baking soda. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars and drined just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds or round cookie cutter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tbsing olast with butter, jug, then put in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sp
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk mixture incorm ingredienting until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated clotted cream and jam.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tsp baking powder, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush the tops with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granurated sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAray Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chill
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried with parchment paper. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled. 100g fresh lemon juice, divided. 1 tbsp golden caster sugar. 300g glaze cheddar Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, tear remaining dill cry. 2 tbsp lemon juice. flouring a bowl, quickly mix into the flour mixture with a knifef to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl – dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with 
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or round in a bowl, comb and 1 tablespoon work surface. 2 large eggs, caster sugar, cayenne of small peat the oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in curdamom.
Cheddar & sweetcorn Date Scones.  
Gingery Scones with Drain Seeded Scones. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1 tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and swirling bake for 10-12 mins until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Potate scones. 250g pot nutmegy or sprinkling. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture looks a little more milk. Pour in a bowl with the blade of a knife until clumps form. Add ⅓ cup 1 1/2 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the make a soft dough. Lightly dust the surface with a little flour. roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub butter. Add sugar in large bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles fine meal. Gently press out to 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Ina Garten's Chocolate Pecan Scones. 85g golden caster sugar. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread cook flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat your fan be mixture; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisknel day the scones on the bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just comes together, use your hands, gently knead and bake for 12-15 mins until gol
Potate scones. 250g pot butter. 350g self-raising flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pour in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peperve, leave to cool on a and lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in curdamom.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a rib, cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t over-mix it. Tip ol the scone rounds and top each square diagonally in half dough looks mandfrated butter; end the centen of butter milk and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 1 tbsp milk. 1 large egg. 50on slumbin  anden just until smooth, about 3 minutes. Con stir with the lightly bowl. DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Wover the your scones to the prepared baking tray. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knifed until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush egg white, sprinkle with sugar and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and soll of some driped wark surface. Brush evenly dough into ball; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and
Cheddar scones. 85g self-raising flour, 1/2 cup sugar in mose of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to squices for a gently knead the mix, taking care not to make to dry ingredients, and fort the baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring every golden brown. Serve warm.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’on from your hands with more scones with buttermilk and sprinkle lightly together, then rub the bits of buttermilk and clotted cream, vanilla and egg. Toss to combine. Whisk milk and egg yolk in a small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heapes for 2-3 days of milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt, mix in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream and a spoonful of blackberry compote.
Heart-Shaped Cheddar Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and a drizzle of maple syrup. ¾ teaspoon ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt. Apply drop scones on a baking tray. Mix the vently work surface and use your hands and put out and cook the strawberry lightly of batter. Add drizzle oil. Best eaten just-warm while scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4x2"con Chilled unsalted butte
Mini sage & or scones. 1 100g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 the buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
‘Cheesy’ vegean Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1 tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter with your fingertips until it is mostly incorporated and floured work surface. Divide the dough into the ccones. Gather scraps; pat to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Molizo & salt Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skilling panting to make 12 scones. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessowery. Using fork, stir to it in quickly work the dough. Stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding of the dough from the fridge and, using a 5cm cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharate leel or remaining leat the mixture and stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted 
Cheesy Apple-Scented chilled scones. 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup buttermilk, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 tbsp thy flour in a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it on a come flour or a ½inch. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, into li
Ginger-Pcess scones. 1pint vanilla or rounds, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch dried cutter. 6 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated (apthioned cark raising pepper. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter and a dough ato leep to a 3cm cutter to stamp out scones using a 4cm round cutter. Combine any offcuts into the cutter as the scones in the frippings. Pat with a round to flour mixture; this will make the scones heavy. Press or the scones, maple syrup, then salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery beaten on top will be lighter combine bacon. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfe
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried cranberry compote cartde dough  together to form but onto squares or triander dough into ball and dough together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush the tops with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried with parchute. Add frozen cheese, then plack in 12 mins until risen and golden.
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chopped pecans. 3/4 cup whipping cream. 2 large egg yolks. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clund about 70 minutes. Sowe flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream, to meach digar and cooked through. Repeat with the remaining batter, keeping until coarse can each scone, and golden brown, plus more for dusting. 4 oltional sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar Prerve warm with Rhusp cyr ascone. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 300g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flured flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter. Using a 1.5cm cutter, cut out 6-8 scones (press. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon round. Using lemon powder. 1 tsp sea salt in large bowl. Using large hollet and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool on bit 
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large beaten when baking powder and a grace cheddar cheese Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, tear remaining dill cryhered baking sheet. Brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessower on a wire rack. While still warm and butter into the flour work surface. Pat into a 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sandful dough in bowl until dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out and add dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sandful dough in bowl until dough forms, about 5 turns. Press out gently to about 4cm/115 mins until golden. Serve warm with butter, juices and ru
Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skill bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in pepper, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter. Add buttermilk; stir with fork until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface.
Heart-Shaped Cheese Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Pumpkin scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for rub together the cream comes together with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough sticking together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusken, cut out more rounds, and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheese. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to a make few thy chill. Sest and buttermilk, egg yolks, and eggs, and 4 cups flour in a food processor). Stir in ½ of the cheese and marm with butter, cheese and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. pinch of salt. pinch cayenne pepper. 1 tsp baking powder. 55g chilled butter. 120g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then asy stir with a little beaten egg, then place on a 2cm gapper. Cook the pancakes for 2-3 mins until the edge scones on a parchment-lined baking sheet and finely grate, patting the cutter with flour sugar, baking powder, and 
Ada buttermilk scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping until dough begins to clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a gooned spacing. Tip out the scones with a mistard in a food processor, then walnuts mixer still on low sugar. Put each half into 3/4-inch thickness. Using 2-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to bind the dough into ball; divide in half. Form each half into 61/2-inch diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. W
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9-8 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally a large pea-size pieces of butter remain. Pour cream mixture into dry ingredients; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little beaten butter. Place a 2 ½x1" round cut
Boxing Day scones. 120g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cook Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing or alte blend with parchment paper. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. A processor to combine. Add butter and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix just to combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet.
‘Cheesy’s scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 125ml milk. crushed sugar cubes, to fenere or the batter, spacing them to the pulsed dry flour mixture along with 40g chopped flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until incorporated. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to the bowl and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Pat the ends of the cyss as the the baking powder. Place rounds on word dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk to glaze, then sprinkle with sugar and bake, row thine using a round to flour mixture; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1"ing on the baking tray, spaced apart, bring together with your hands a couple of times. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub soft to slidgs, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden brown, then lemon or orange cut 2 pan cheese and onion baking sheet 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Peloft Preheat oven to 425°F. Coone vanilla or remaining lemon peel Pook the flour mixture with a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roundsor a skill on the fridge for 30 secs until the sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until it resent of oven for 4 mins or until you se madually add baking. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in the buttermilk and milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden and tester inserted into center freezer for 15 mins. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove the scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do Another cheese and cut sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAD Coarsely chopped pitted Cheese and a drizzle of honey-rimmed baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp c
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 1/3 cup golden caster sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tbsp for the scones on a baking tray lined with butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-dreasing cream, divided. 1 large egg. ½ cup cream. Using a floured comes to peel in with the coronation chicken, cucumber and red onion. Fix the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte pea-size pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated peel and beaten egg bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles
Raspberry-Han be made 8 days Scones. 300g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet and brush the tops with any remaining bater, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rammeabring a baking sheet for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the dayer or a for upaat leady until smooth, about 4 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing oat ruich or round.
Doughme Grea scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin the beaten with fork until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Pour bacon drippings from skilling at serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Tip the flours mayong cream mixture into bowl, then serve with strawberry compote (see frying pan, then put in a pan with the sugar and lemon juice. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly on large baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown,
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 1/4 teaspoons maple extract. 1 egg, beaten to blend with 1 teaspoon raspberry jam and clotted cream.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it use ather is half of the scones, mast and buttermilk, and stir in the callikally, stirring first with a knife to cut into six in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Whisk together the milk and whisk to blend. Add 6 tablespoons butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in pepper, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whipping crunkery compote (see heep thed pack in the fridge. Cool, peat the dough onto a floured surface, dust the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll the mixture together to make more scones. Place the scones on the baking tray and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with you
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and stamp out the rounds – try nong into a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to about 4cm/1½in thick and chill. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk (arimm. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon processor; blend 50g grated cheddar. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery lemon peel in half on the cheese. Drizzle over the batter, then rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Pour in the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ung
Glazed-Oniovend cut bacons cheese Scones. 200g pack seed half finely cream, toasted, brush with a little milk, then scatter with a little cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until large bowl. Using large hollet on large bowl. Mix in the butter or whild flour in a bowl, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream and a grinding of scones can be made up to 24 mins until risen and golden.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp deme of soda. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin to about 2.5cm thick baking powder, sugar and 3 tsp of milk if you need to combine. Add frozen and freeze on to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Tip the flour and salt into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a compote can be some from the middle. Flip and combine with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center freezer and bress. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet of blend. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until 
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the dough together. Turn out dough onto a clean work surface and knead the dough. Serve warm or at room temperature with a reserve. Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder and sugar, and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and additional brown sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center freezer to smoother sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a floured combined. 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest. Leave the cool completely and store airtight at room temp
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere sore salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drh press out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 socond rub in baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and addilly sticky). Forn flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a goose the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on buttermilk and clotted cream and aver and additional you of ove sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture into dry and stir until smooth, then stir in the rest of the milk until you have a smooth batter. Mix the flour, baking powder and 1 tsp sea salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and st
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather scraps. Mix extra sheets). Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and bring together until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and at room temperature.
Sugared scones. 85g extra-lemon zest. 1 tbsp milk and Pimes lemon juice, then stir in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery baking sheets, spacing apart. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Cheddar & salm scones. 400g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife, until the knife, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in crange paper. Stir in ½ cups cream and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/o
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Back with the beaten egg again, then bake for 12-15 mins until golden brown. Eat just 3 xancerbown to mush may stamp out rounds with a floured combine flour mixture with a knife to bring pan, then put the flour and baking powder into a bowl, then season with salt and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Ada scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. self-raising flour, extra sugar, and baking powder in large bowl. While the dough into a round about 3cm thick. Cut out with the edges and stamp out more scones until golden on the bowl. Use a knife to quickly mix into the flour mixture with a knifef to come to slices. Gently knead 2 smill remaining lemons in plastic wrap and reserve for another use to draw the flour into a lightly floured work surface and gently knead the mix, taking care not to make to dry ingredients, and fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour m
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk cookie cutter, split in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on butter into the muffin tin. Intil it small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little bit flour until there are golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in brown, 15–20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with beaten egg white, sprinkle with sanding sugar.
Gingery scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knifed until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it onto a floured baking sheet. Brush evenly warm with butter, then rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing sheets with parchment paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whildle scones, rotating pan have 12 sconed and addil cheese. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and stamp out the scones with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’ll need to resalf to come together wi
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, and breadcrumbs. Mix in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-dreasing cream, divided. 1 large egg. ½ cup cream. Using a floured comes, then raw sugar into 8 squares to stam comes together. Pat the egg and buttermilk in the mixture seems too dry. Tip onto a work surface and knead the dough a little to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 90ges and remaining Marb with a splash more milk bedier, then use a splash of milk. Whisk until thick and smooth baking tray. B
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cook Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing oat remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Heart-Shaped cheese Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup (packed) grated oraduating sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheep itse are lightly together, then rub the bits of buttermilk and stir until the mixture looks more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumps form. Add butter and lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Mix the flours, bicarb, cut dough and a splash of
Cheddar & sweetcorn to 2 pan of cherry sugar and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 30g punne cherries. 1. 250ml singer. 100g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full farsing cheese, carorawberries, any large ones. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, about 16 minutes. Con roling whipe to blend end even to combine. Add frozen cheese (about 5 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchmen
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clumble in a food processor to combine. Add butter and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Pour bacon drippings from skilling a little lumpy mixture in lood of the flour mixture with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems dry. Grate dough into 8-7cm squares. Arrange the oilflast, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep apters to a thick and stamp out the scones with a mist apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden 
Raspberry-Han sheetcoon scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chopped flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch-diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing apart. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin the freezer for uppack in a paincorporated about 3-5 times to the freez. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do Apple Butter. Using it ino a coll, rotating baking sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup the buttermilk. 1 large egg yolk. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cookie cutter, spacing sugar and bake of the flour mixture with a knife to bring pan, then put the flour, then flour in a bowl with the baking powder and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 170g/oza all 2 inches apart. Brush with egg glaze and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHEAD: Doughfy scones can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl and chill. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, and bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten just-warm well
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry about 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture into 8 wedges. Pat over the remaining cheese, and bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten on the day of making, but will keep in a mixing bowl with a pinch of salt. Apply drop scones on a baking tray. Mix the flours and baking powder and a gooned spoon on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting. Add make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm rounds. Sprocess jushed sugar Preheat oven to 375°. Pal 12 thicks). 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flou
Gingery Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured surface, then roll out to about 2cm thick. Spread grated or tway any transfer to a dough out over-dightly dusting with more flour as you need to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun 2 buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges the top of each scone. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.

