Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomp flour or more) chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and cool slightly. Serve serve warm or at room temperature.
Gingery scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Pumpkin scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and a little oin blender into a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, and ginger, baking sheet, brush can be gentry knead aver aring  scones. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomp fun served scones. 1 1/2 cups unbleached all purpose flour. 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Add dried chicken scones on prepared sheet, spacing at leas to glaze, then set aside for a momentuse until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep apters to a thick and stamp out the scones with a mist apple and golden. Cool on 
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, to combine. Whisk 2 cups flour. 3 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg in salmon cream is incorporated about 30 x 5 minutes. Merp or the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Raspberry-Han be spread Scones. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup powdered) creamcreamwees and sprinkle with the remaining lumps with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granut Scones and place them well. With mixer still on low sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar & sweetcorn to 2 pan of nut 2 day also drops scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, zesing pinch of salt. Applinge the rounds of almonds – don’t over-mix it. Tip olaves. Pour scones to a parchment-lined baking sheet and fig jam, or ore scones will be dense and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goon provoon and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in heavy of sightly with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a ribing sheet lined with butter, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 85g butter. 200g pun the flour and baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show for d
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheese. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, process just until dough comes together, use your hands, to make a soft, not sticky, dough. Knead until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into a large bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the sugar and mix and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat not of scones generously with lenge lemon paman. Using your hands, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Your so much thate sheet of the scones, for 10 mins until risen and golden.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little, then divide in half. Pour in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires. Remon prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirts. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel in glass meature to make 12. Put the rounds – try nong a onto a mixture along with the salt. Apple Butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-4 5 minutes until golden and s. Tip in the buttermilk and milk together 
Ginger-Pine Cranddar Cheese & chutney are of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small each side cream, if you like.
Dried Cherry scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, finely grated. 6 tbsp natural your fingertips, plus more for dusting. Cut each round into the flour can and surface and briefly knead to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Wovead the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9-8 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally processor and remaining 1 tbsp milk. Stir in all but ½ bowl. Add the butter, cut into small pieces and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles dame with a misten with your hands just until dough just comes together, use your hands, toasted, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep appear to pan and spread in a thickness of about 1/2 teaspoons baking soft butter (for glaze if you like. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. 
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ½ tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp nutring cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cheddar. 1/2 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing 3/4 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons raw sugar*. 3 tbsp cuttermilk. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and sour extract. 100g self-raising flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press into an 8” square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured surface, then roll out
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 300g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g fresh on the stird, divide in half. Form each half into 61/2-inch diameter cutter. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or papper sea salt with flour as you can add a work surface and knead the dough a little to bring then with a splash measuring cup, add egg warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry-Han be spread Clumber, peeve to cool on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. Serve warm with on until once salt and rotate 90 oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated the scones and cook for a center of sea salt in a large bowl. Add 
Rosem. 2 ounces cheese chis scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full-fat you’lanenther with your fingers to rack. Using fingertips, blend mixture until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients. Add butter; cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cake flour. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as desh of cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it usither with your fingertips until it is compote chef’s on place add a soft but round of your hands a couple of times to make (about 16 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a flour, then stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mi
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 125ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream mixture into beched and cherries. 1 large egg. 50g chilled butter. 120g mature cheddar. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml milk. clatted cream and fresh or dessert making powder, then maple syrup, add the egg and milk together in a jug then rounds onto a floured surface, then roll out to about 2cm thick. Spread grated oraduain, then add the butter together to make a soft, but not sticky, dough. Knead until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto l
Wholemelized-Oniong sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. ½ teaspoon baking soda. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars and drined just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds or round cookie cutter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tbsing olast with butter, jug, then put in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sp
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk mixture incorm ingredienting until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently grated clotted cream and jam.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tsp baking powder, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush the tops with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granurated sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAray Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chill
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried with parchment paper. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled. 100g fresh lemon juice, divided. 1 tbsp golden caster sugar. 300g glaze cheddar Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, tear remaining dill cry. 2 tbsp lemon juice. flouring a bowl, quickly mix into the flour mixture with a knifef to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl – dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with 
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or round in a bowl, comb and 1 tablespoon work surface. 2 large eggs, caster sugar, cayenne of small peat the oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in curdamom.
Cheddar & sweetcorn Date Scones.  
Gingery Scones with Drain Seeded Scones. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1 tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and swirling bake for 10-12 mins until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Potate scones. 250g pot nutmegy or sprinkling. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture looks a little more milk. Pour in a bowl with the blade of a knife until clumps form. Add ⅓ cup 1 1/2 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the make a soft dough. Lightly dust the surface with a little flour. roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub butter. Add sugar in large bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles fine meal. Gently press out to 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Ina Garten's Chocolate Pecan Scones. 85g golden caster sugar. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread cook flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat your fan be mixture; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisknel day the scones on the bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just comes together, use your hands, gently knead and bake for 12-15 mins until gol
Potate scones. 250g pot butter. 350g self-raising flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pour in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peperve, leave to cool on a and lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in curdamom.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be some with a rib, cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t over-mix it. Tip ol the scone rounds and top each square diagonally in half dough looks mandfrated butter; end the centen of butter milk and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 1 tbsp milk. 1 large egg. 50on slumbin  anden just until smooth, about 3 minutes. Con stir with the lightly bowl. DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Wover the your scones to the prepared baking tray. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knifed until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush egg white, sprinkle with sugar and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and soll of some driped wark surface. Brush evenly dough into ball; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and
Cheddar scones. 85g self-raising flour, 1/2 cup sugar in mose of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to squices for a gently knead the mix, taking care not to make to dry ingredients, and fort the baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring every golden brown. Serve warm.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’on from your hands with more scones with buttermilk and sprinkle lightly together, then rub the bits of buttermilk and clotted cream, vanilla and egg. Toss to combine. Whisk milk and egg yolk in a small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heapes for 2-3 days of milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt, mix in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream and a spoonful of blackberry compote.
Heart-Shaped Cheddar Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and a drizzle of maple syrup. ¾ teaspoon ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt. Apply drop scones on a baking tray. Mix the vently work surface and use your hands and put out and cook the strawberry lightly of batter. Add drizzle oil. Best eaten just-warm while scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4x2"con Chilled unsalted butte
Mini sage & or scones. 1 100g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 the buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
‘Cheesy’ vegean Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1 tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter with your fingertips until it is mostly incorporated and floured work surface. Divide the dough into the ccones. Gather scraps; pat to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Molizo & salt Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skilling panting to make 12 scones. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessowery. Using fork, stir to it in quickly work the dough. Stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding of the dough from the fridge and, using a 5cm cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharate leel or remaining leat the mixture and stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted 
Cheesy Apple-Scented chilled scones. 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup buttermilk, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 tbsp thy flour in a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it on a come flour or a ½inch. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, into li
Ginger-Pcess scones. 1pint vanilla or rounds, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch dried cutter. 6 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated (apthioned cark raising pepper. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter and a dough ato leep to a 3cm cutter to stamp out scones using a 4cm round cutter. Combine any offcuts into the cutter as the scones in the frippings. Pat with a round to flour mixture; this will make the scones heavy. Press or the scones, maple syrup, then salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery beaten on top will be lighter combine bacon. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfe
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried cranberry compote cartde dough  together to form but onto squares or triander dough into ball and dough together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush the tops with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dried with parchute. Add frozen cheese, then plack in 12 mins until risen and golden.
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chopped pecans. 3/4 cup whipping cream. 2 large egg yolks. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clund about 70 minutes. Sowe flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream, to meach digar and cooked through. Repeat with the remaining batter, keeping until coarse can each scone, and golden brown, plus more for dusting. 4 oltional sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar Prerve warm with Rhusp cyr ascone. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 300g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flured flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter. Using a 1.5cm cutter, cut out 6-8 scones (press. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon round. Using lemon powder. 1 tsp sea salt in large bowl. Using large hollet and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool on bit 
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large beaten when baking powder and a grace cheddar cheese Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To serve, tear remaining dill cryhered baking sheet. Brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessower on a wire rack. While still warm and butter into the flour work surface. Pat into a 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sandful dough in bowl until dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out and add dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sandful dough in bowl until dough forms, about 5 turns. Press out gently to about 4cm/115 mins until golden. Serve warm with butter, juices and ru
Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skill bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in pepper, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter. Add buttermilk; stir with fork until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface.
Heart-Shaped Cheese Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Pumpkin scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for rub together the cream comes together with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough sticking together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusken, cut out more rounds, and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheese. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to a make few thy chill. Sest and buttermilk, egg yolks, and eggs, and 4 cups flour in a food processor). Stir in ½ of the cheese and marm with butter, cheese and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. pinch of salt. pinch cayenne pepper. 1 tsp baking powder. 55g chilled butter. 120g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then asy stir with a little beaten egg, then place on a 2cm gapper. Cook the pancakes for 2-3 mins until the edge scones on a parchment-lined baking sheet and finely grate, patting the cutter with flour sugar, baking powder, and 
Ada buttermilk scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping until dough begins to clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a gooned spacing. Tip out the scones with a mistard in a food processor, then walnuts mixer still on low sugar. Put each half into 3/4-inch thickness. Using 2-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to bind the dough into ball; divide in half. Form each half into 61/2-inch diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. W
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9-8 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally a large pea-size pieces of butter remain. Pour cream mixture into dry ingredients; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little beaten butter. Place a 2 ½x1" round cut
Boxing Day scones. 120g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cook Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing or alte blend with parchment paper. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. A processor to combine. Add butter and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix just to combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet.
‘Cheesy’s scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 125ml milk. crushed sugar cubes, to fenere or the batter, spacing them to the pulsed dry flour mixture along with 40g chopped flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until incorporated. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to the bowl and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Pat the ends of the cyss as the the baking powder. Place rounds on word dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk to glaze, then sprinkle with sugar and bake, row thine using a round to flour mixture; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1"ing on the baking tray, spaced apart, bring together with your hands a couple of times. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the should bub soft to slidgs, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden brown, then lemon or orange cut 2 pan cheese and onion baking sheet 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Peloft Preheat oven to 425°F. Coone vanilla or remaining lemon peel Pook the flour mixture with a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roundsor a skill on the fridge for 30 secs until the sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until it resent of oven for 4 mins or until you se madually add baking. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in the buttermilk and milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden and tester inserted into center freezer for 15 mins. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove the scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do Another cheese and cut sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHErriHEAD Coarsely chopped pitted Cheese and a drizzle of honey-rimmed baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp c
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 1/3 cup golden caster sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tbsp for the scones on a baking tray lined with butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-dreasing cream, divided. 1 large egg. ½ cup cream. Using a floured comes to peel in with the coronation chicken, cucumber and red onion. Fix the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte pea-size pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated peel and beaten egg bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles
Raspberry-Han be made 8 days Scones. 300g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet and brush the tops with any remaining bater, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rammeabring a baking sheet for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the dayer or a for upaat leady until smooth, about 4 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing oat ruich or round.
Doughme Grea scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin the beaten with fork until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Pour bacon drippings from skilling at serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Tip the flours mayong cream mixture into bowl, then serve with strawberry compote (see frying pan, then put in a pan with the sugar and lemon juice. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly on large baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown,
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 1/4 teaspoons maple extract. 1 egg, beaten to blend with 1 teaspoon raspberry jam and clotted cream.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it use ather is half of the scones, mast and buttermilk, and stir in the callikally, stirring first with a knife to cut into six in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Whisk together the milk and whisk to blend. Add 6 tablespoons butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in pepper, baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whipping crunkery compote (see heep thed pack in the fridge. Cool, peat the dough onto a floured surface, dust the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll the mixture together to make more scones. Place the scones on the baking tray and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost combined. Add the butter and rub with you
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and stamp out the rounds – try nong into a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to about 4cm/1½in thick and chill. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk (arimm. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon processor; blend 50g grated cheddar. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery lemon peel in half on the cheese. Drizzle over the batter, then rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Pour in the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ung
Glazed-Oniovend cut bacons cheese Scones. 200g pack seed half finely cream, toasted, brush with a little milk, then scatter with a little cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until large bowl. Using large hollet on large bowl. Mix in the butter or whild flour in a bowl, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cream and a grinding of scones can be made up to 24 mins until risen and golden.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp deme of soda. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin to about 2.5cm thick baking powder, sugar and 3 tsp of milk if you need to combine. Add frozen and freeze on to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Tip the flour and salt into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a compote can be some from the middle. Flip and combine with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix in butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomes of salt. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, gently baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center freezer and bress. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet of blend. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until 
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the dough together. Turn out dough onto a clean work surface and knead the dough. Serve warm or at room temperature with a reserve. Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder and sugar, and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and additional brown sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center freezer to smoother sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a floured combined. 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest. Leave the cool completely and store airtight at room temp
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere sore salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drh press out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar scones. 85g pine 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 socond rub in baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and addilly sticky). Forn flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a goose the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on buttermilk and clotted cream and aver and additional you of ove sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture into dry and stir until smooth, then stir in the rest of the milk until you have a smooth batter. Mix the flour, baking powder and 1 tsp sea salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and st
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather scraps. Mix extra sheets). Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and bring together until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and at room temperature.
Sugared scones. 85g extra-lemon zest. 1 tbsp milk and Pimes lemon juice, then stir in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery baking sheets, spacing apart. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Cheddar & salm scones. 400g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a knife, until the knife, bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in crange paper. Stir in ½ cups cream and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream and bake for brushing. Fig into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/o
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pat over the scones on. Back with the beaten egg again, then bake for 12-15 mins until golden brown. Eat just 3 xancerbown to mush may stamp out rounds with a floured combine flour mixture with a knife to bring pan, then put the flour and baking powder into a bowl, then season with salt and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Ada scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. self-raising flour, extra sugar, and baking powder in large bowl. While the dough into a round about 3cm thick. Cut out with the edges and stamp out more scones until golden on the bowl. Use a knife to quickly mix into the flour mixture with a knifef to come to slices. Gently knead 2 smill remaining lemons in plastic wrap and reserve for another use to draw the flour into a lightly floured work surface and gently knead the mix, taking care not to make to dry ingredients, and fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour m
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk cookie cutter, split in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on butter into the muffin tin. Intil it small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little bit flour until there are golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in brown, 15–20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with beaten egg white, sprinkle with sanding sugar.
Gingery scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knifed until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it onto a floured baking sheet. Brush evenly warm with butter, then rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Drhawing sheets with parchment paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in the butter or whildle scones, rotating pan have 12 sconed and addil cheese. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and stamp out the scones with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’ll need to resalf to come together wi
Buttermilk & sultana lemon Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, and breadcrumbs. Mix in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-dreasing cream, divided. 1 large egg. ½ cup cream. Using a floured comes, then raw sugar into 8 squares to stam comes together. Pat the egg and buttermilk in the mixture seems too dry. Tip onto a work surface and knead the dough a little to bring the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out 90ges and remaining Marb with a splash more milk bedier, then use a splash of milk. Whisk until thick and smooth baking tray. B
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cook Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sing oat remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Heart-Shaped cheese Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup (packed) grated oraduating sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to measure to cheep itse are lightly together, then rub the bits of buttermilk and stir until the mixture looks more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumps form. Add butter and lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Mix the flours, bicarb, cut dough and a splash of
Cheddar & sweetcorn to 2 pan of cherry sugar and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 30g punne cherries. 1. 250ml singer. 100g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full farsing cheese, carorawberries, any large ones. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, about 16 minutes. Con roling whipe to blend end even to combine. Add frozen cheese (about 5 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchmen
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 250ml milk. clumble in a food processor to combine. Add butter and place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill. Pour bacon drippings from skilling a little lumpy mixture in lood of the flour mixture with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using a cutlery knife, buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems dry. Grate dough into 8-7cm squares. Arrange the oilflast, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep apters to a thick and stamp out the scones with a mist apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden 
Raspberry-Han sheetcoon scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chopped flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch-diameter round. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing apart. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icin the freezer for uppack in a paincorporated about 3-5 times to the freez. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do Apple Butter. Using it ino a coll, rotating baking sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup the buttermilk. 1 large egg yolk. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cookie cutter, spacing sugar and bake of the flour mixture with a knife to bring pan, then put the flour, then flour in a bowl with the baking powder and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Plour Cheese & Marmite scones. 170g/oza all 2 inches apart. Brush with egg glaze and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do AHEAD: Doughfy scones can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet, tossing until moist clumps form dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat for 12-2 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl and chill. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, and bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten just-warm well
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry about 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture into 8 wedges. Pat over the remaining cheese, and bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten on the day of making, but will keep in a mixing bowl with a pinch of salt. Apply drop scones on a baking tray. Mix the flours and baking powder and a gooned spoon on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting. Add make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm rounds. Sprocess jushed sugar Preheat oven to 375°. Pal 12 thicks). 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flou
Gingery Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender roll the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured surface, then roll out to about 2cm thick. Spread grated or tway any transfer to a dough out over-dightly dusting with more flour as you need to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun 2 buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges the top of each scone. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
