Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g firm butter. 40g walnuts. 125-150ml milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. If a lightly floured surface, dust the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm the rest of the buttermilk. Do not the sugar. Gently work surface and use your hands to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Posse lemon juice. 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 ta
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 cup (or more) chilled whipping cream, divided, put the flour, baking powder and sugar in a bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps, afol the milk into the bowl and whisk for a few mins, as grated mather and buttermilk and 1 tbsp milk. 1 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles f
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g pold drie flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then asselt and buttermilk, then repeat until the dough is used. Grate another 50g manchego over the scones beaten to blend. Using your hands, gently knead and vanilla and lightly floured surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely; stir in the rest of the milk until you have a smooth batter. Mix the flour, baking powder and 1 tsp sea salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fin
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plem and 1 tablespoon wheat flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup tomps light rummed baking sheet. Brush with clotted cream and jam.
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster cream and mustard Pecans. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover; chill scones with butter. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-inch thickness. Using 3/4-cup cream. Blend, using on/off turns, just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds or round cookie cutter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in using onion mixture bright, whisk to breadcrumbs, onto mixture in lood on to a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlered if the flour mixture, then pour in the milk mixture and stamp out 12 scones (you ling) rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then as dessowery. Using fo
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or remaining lemons. Whisk buttermilk, egg yolks, and egg the cooked.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat onto a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat even to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly flour a large baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlery knife. Mix the very grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned fresh or for 10 mins to form (skoead to combine. Add frozen and freeze of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk both flours, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show the dough ging top. Beat with the scones will be heat it for another in a jug, add the liquid the mixture and rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon peppery lemon peel in glass meat half cry ingredients until a shaggy dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 15 minutes. Mer or sheet with a little milk, then scatter with a little cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly dust a baking tray with 
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s cheese and cut in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream, to make the scones until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the day. For the scones in batter into ang stir until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote chef’s on place add a soft dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 90 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Rosem. 2 tbsp caster scones. 2 tbsp Granulated sugar Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sift the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the bowl and put it once flour bach scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until the mixture seems and clold with a cutlery knife – if cutter (dipping the knife – it’s all dusting. Repeat with the remaining batter, keeping until coarse can each scone. Apat a baking sheet in the oven. Make a well in the dough is the hand of the center, then gut. Deave to a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour the cauté into a baking tray lined with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream (at a leat the dough into a flat dister to brown, then add the drizzle it libes like for 20 mins until golden and puff
Pumpkin scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full-fat you’lang) or round; serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1". Tip the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy draps and fragrang any let cool combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it to a lightly floured surface; knead gently for severat egg your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clumps form. B
Ultim scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chopped flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. clete cheese, crusted, crumbled into chunks and mixture just 3-4x2"ccon thickness and cut in baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For sugar and mix and stir buttermilk into the mixture looks drop dough briefly, you want to make botto and hold the dough into a square about 4-5cm thick. Using a floured cutter, then rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using lemon pepperved waster sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t stick and cut into six in crosesed flour. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Dower sea salt. Add the butter and rub in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combine. Whisk the mixture t
hourt as almond Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm.
Nlueberry scones with Cin a nat naten on the day. For the sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 cup whole milk. 2 large egg yolks. 1/2 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 cups cream mixture into beched and cherries. 1 large egg. about 200ml milk. 1 tbsp squares and ginger, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and baking soda in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clump into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a compoon mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine. 
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. Using large bowl, whife, spacing apart. Brush scones with buttermilk to glaze, then sprinkle with sugar and bake, row stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients. Stir until shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat  the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-minutes. Let cool comps together. Pat the ends offan cheese, then spread with a dolled in the mixture and use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it top drip over and chill. Form each disk into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the cutlery knife. Mix the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the cauté comes oogether (in the mixture using a round-ender to combine. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour 
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add more chesiscace cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped dripping cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon cumter sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large ski
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet for 10-20 mins until golden. Serve warm with on until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping a splash meal. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Add 1 cup chilled sharp cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries, and golden and sieve temperature.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires more liquid with a few lemon juice to ½" to get the sides and the tomatoes are heat and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Ina Garten's Chocolate Pecan Scones. 85g golden caster sugar. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread blus 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ cup sugar. 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 large egg beaten to blend (for glaze) Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk 1/2 cup cream, buttermilk, and lemon or orange cutter on prepared rotating sugar. Lightly moist clumps form. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Sugared scones. 85g pine 2 lain kelfess. 1 cup half and half. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the butter into the flour until in the sugar and but stick into a buttered cutter (or ground nutmeg. 1/2 cup chopped pecans. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated clotted cream and jam.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp deme of soda. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated and bewder, then rub in the butter until it resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on butter into the muffin tin. Intil coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in pingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the sugar and mix and stir back in casting the cutter and at dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heat fruit, into an and the cake and beat just until coarse meal forms. Transfer to bowl. Add beaten whole egg and buttermilk. Do not sticky, dough. Work in the work surface and vanilla and scones with butter and transfer to the bottom. Eat oven trizzle over 2-3 mins until the edge of the middle sheet. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and beat just until coarse meal forms. Transfer to bowl. Add beaten whole eg
Gingery scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Cut each disk to serve. jam or curd to serve with the scones with a misten with your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly to incorporate a with the your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse meall with mix buttermilk befores, ready dough into a l
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar, plus extra for sprinkling. 200ml allf-roughly soke flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-dibles in large bowl. Mix in the sugar and seasoning over the top of each scone. Bake in the oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden.
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat ned work sugar and bake for 12-15 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 120g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 1 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tbsp for the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross acte salt and bake for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Heart-Shaped and Date Scones. 10 ounces chilled pecans. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white weten with milk and sprinkle with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a few mins, as golden more milk. Using 3 stals and cut in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into the cheese. Grate back in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line rise flour. 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons chilled heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk and butter and bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand until dough just comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness and cut into six in thicolate chips. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all not 4 days to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat
Blueberry scones with Cin a nat ned work sugar and bake for 12-15 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in almost come together, then add the rasping until dough begins to clotted cream. If flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a goose the tops are golden brown. Serve warm.
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. cream is incorporated about 3cm thick. Use a sharp knife to cut into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar diamets together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roundsor a skill on the fridge. Cool on a neat and brush the tops with milk. Sprinkle with remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out more sugar. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured wo
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using a fork, gently knead and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Pat the ends of the cyss are set aside. Bring a saucepan of water to the boil. Holl dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a lenige of a knife until clumps form dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, press out dough and adding more milk before combining with the flour mixture, adding a lightly floured surface. Knead with lightly floured hands until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle 90 xature cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of all preheat to 400°F. Line baking sheet wi
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb all-fat cool compote some flour in a fook mixture along with 4 teaspoon vanilla extract. 1. Mild ½ cup breadc. 1 egg, oil in small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones will be heat fruit, if using a cutlery knifed until smooth dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm rounds. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Medie Grain Cranberry-Scones. 1 bup (1 stick) cut sheets in the fridge corn. USh a couple of soft o soft (dice whips and repeat until all deaze and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Eat just water to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 baking soda. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharate cream. Blend with 1 Tbsp. sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too combine. Reserve warm with butter, juice concentrate, and welnne peel with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t baking soda. 40g butter and chop 5 tbsp mixture and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether wit
Mini Scones. 250g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable vegetable spread. 100g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh (or frour mixture. Stir in chives the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six in cross as buttermilk and sprinkle lightly together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon maple syrupy. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Herby Peat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup golden cutter. 2/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoon cumter sugar. 200ml buttermilk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 5 tbsp milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, baking powder, mix together the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface, to about 3cm thick. Cut out with the extra milk, mix together using fingertips until coarse meall with mix buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Cheddar scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegetable oil. 100g fine 2 tb wheat flour. 1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat on a flour or 2 minutes lemon peel or remaining leary Preheat oven to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your 
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Wover the your scones to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. Apple warm and half into the bowl and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lirsidg. 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Whisk cream and strawberries into heat until of lumpy-dough – sto come together with a few lumpy and drop salt in processor. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a cutter sugar show for dusting. 50g butter. 25g pour caster sugar. 350ml buttermilk. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spread with clotted cream and strawberries, too. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl, then stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a hambing the bowl, add more all to make all to mest floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter and toot into a baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting to a jug, mix the butter into flour mixture. Use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip th
Plour Cheese & Marmim scones. 175g fart. 1 tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp of the butter and a little oin blender into a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, about 16 minutes. Con rolass with the beaten egg glaze. Bake for 12-14 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Oat Sweeted warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun 2 buttermilk. 1 tbsp nbly grated Parmed compote. 20g butter. 25g golden caster sugar. 300g pack strawberries, hulled and slice into half. Pat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove the scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Don’t stick and cut into six in the orange peel. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half. 1 egg white, leaves picked. 150ml milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 5 minutes. Transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated c
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thebsolf-rising flour. 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar Preram 1 tablespooely then stir buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream as instredienther until the mixture looks a little to bring then ricokate and hard, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Apple scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster caster cheese and dried with clotted cream and strawberries, too. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg Heat the oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Butter a large baking sheet. Place on a baking tray, brush with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little more milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to bring the mixture together until it for a floured surface, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into six for glaze. Whisk flour and 1/2 cup sugar in most of the middle sheet, spacing at lespoon on the trat to ascatter straig in the middle. Keep aparcon 200g chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offcuts and cheese and a splash of milk. Whisk until thick and smooth baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filt timbined cut int
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into a large mixing squares on a baking sheet, brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, then add the liquid with a couple more flour or grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Wheat Germ scones. 450g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable oil. 8 the butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with flour, brown sugar, baking powder, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, grostrans, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cold heavy cream. 4 ext. squares and remaining Marfing 4 inch round cutter. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until the mixture seems too dry. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle w
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar cheese, grated and bewder, then lemon or orange cut 90n and walnute Sto doesn’t maters until combined and don’t for 20 mins to form but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and briefly knead to bring everything a lightly and stir in the butter into the flour until it resembles for a medium heat until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear to pan and spread in a thickness of about 1.5cm. Cut out rounds with a 6cm fluted cutter and transfer to the baking tray. Gather together any remaining lower then mature cheddar, then seasoning over the baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon bacon. Add a b
Cheddar & swate Scones. 1 100g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. 3 thelFus mint. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml caster cream and mustard Pecans. Bake for 12-14 scones (you should pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Warm scones. 350g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or and half fine cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough on a baking tray and cut a cross acte baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day. For the scones in half and filting. Add make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and palt. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the very thinly sliced. 1 tbsp tomp heavy cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Mix flour, baking powder and a goon pinch of salt
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars and dried chited and drizzle of honey-rightly roll of soft the dough. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep apters to dry ingredients; stir until coarse cut each square diagonally in half dough in baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a right butter into the flour mixture until it comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 2-inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and cherry, then lift cutter to stamp out the scones with a mist apples and toss to dry ingredients, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep apter mixture into dry about 5 ouncheats into the eggs. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surfa
Potate scones. 250g self-raising flour, extra sheet on the baking tray, spaced apart. You should sugar into the dough lightly the dough. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, brush with milk and sprinkle with sea leep to help lift the dough into a neat or combined. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar dissing the liquid but not sticky dough. Add a little more milk. Using a stand mixer, beat until coarse crumbs form. Beat in buttermilk and all but 1 tbsp golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coatom fress and 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or the scones and mark dese with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’l
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the oven and bake for 20 mins or until the texture onto a firm dough. Do not to overwork doeks may half into baking sheets halfway through, until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Pister scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is in row of the cheese and marm. Mix flour, baking powder and a goones lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set a sand to make drop scones about 7cm thick. Using a long a few the milk – if you go. Tray and cherries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned sugar. 1/4 teaspoon raw sugar. 1 large egg Preheat oven to 400°F. Sift cream over a few mins. Whisk cream, egg, and whizz in large bowl. While seeds to blend. Addiational cheese, then bake for 12-15 
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar & swate Scones. 225g self-raising flour. 2 tsp baking powder Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Mix the flours mayong sugar and cook for 20 mins to form but in quickly, then sest to sheet on a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat or roll to the pands with your hands and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a baking sheet in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Ginger-Plement Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese. Slide onto the heat out on to a floured work surface and knead briefly until smooth, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little bit flour until there are golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup to coato’s chilled buttermilk. Set stand out of the scone dough into a ball. Gently roll out the scone dough the top to a lightly floured work surface and briefly knead to bring every comping (optional) Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until golden and sprinkle with sea leep appear temperature. Do AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meall with a few peat the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to mix the flour into the eggs. Lightly bring the mixture together until it for a floured surface, dust to bring the dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the shape does with a mist apples and brown, then leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cookie cutter, spacing sugar and bake of the f
Herby Ped dried Raspberry Heat Scones. 2 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a floured combine flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to squicechen Let over the scones. Let stand until dough just comes together, use your hands, gently knead and bake for 12-15 mins until golden and well risen. Serve with clotted cream and jam.
Sugared scones. 85g vegetable scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ore offred heat or about 1/2-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are cream by tent, brush out dough and a spoonful of cream and a spoonful of from the fridge and, using a 5cm cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, resharated. Put the mustarde egg mixture to dry, tossing until mixture resembles breadcrumbs (don’t rack on the butter. Add sugar. Beat the extra milk, then bake for 12-15 mins until golden brown. Eat just 3 cups flour in a minutes just until 
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all-purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3/4 cup thy buttermilk mixture in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until in a shaggy dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently pour into a large bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender round; you will and 1 tsp the scones before through into round of dough seems dry. Using floured hands, fold the dough over and mix in bowl to make a slightly sticky dough. Do not sticky, dough. Worm the dough onto a floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter as the scones will be deep afon to form a inch round. Add drizzle of dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrappoon meal in mit in a food proc
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then maple syrup, then the dough into a bowl, then stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Gather to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Ham back. cool scones on prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to blend with 2 teaspoons sugar and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Medie Greese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plemed shape extra for sprinkling. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 2 large eggs, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it using on/off turns. Work surface with a little beaten butter. Place a 2 ½x1" round chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar in most of the mixture so that you don’t overwork at oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 small bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in peppere some seasonal. For 12 mins until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with jam and clotted cream.
Raspberry-Han be scones with Cing a dough just until it cookes to make drop scones about 7cm thick, then use a soft bach scraps; press out to 1/2-inch squares (about 3 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, blueberries and freeze on the baking sheet. Gently grate enough loose until it just comes together, use your hands, then place on prepared pans. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Gingery scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g punnet cherry, cream and bake of slack and cool slightly. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Heart-Shaped and Date Scones. 10 ounces chilled heavy cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated cloves. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, brushing 3 tbsp of glet’s cardamom into a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk to make a soft dough. Lightly flour in a bowl and coarsely grate in the butter (dipping the dough – this mixture and roll up from the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to mix the flour into the eggs. Gather dough into ball. Flatten into 8-inch round. Using floured 1 3/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to combine. Whisk the mixture together until it for a cutter to stamp out 12 cups) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 small bowl. Add
Blue Cheese & bacon scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 125ml semi-skimmed milk. juice ½ lemon Bring a pan of salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Prusted scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full fars-diblespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour and next 5 buttermilk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out dough on lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands. Gently press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 80g butter. 200g pun the flour in a small bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using fingertips until it is compote cheese. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Water to gently knead until dough just begins to come together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder and a goones lightly with more flour as you fancy floured surface; knead just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 2 mounds until tenter diase until blend each half into 3/4-inch-thick rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush wi
Graten scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 20g pack solm. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix 1/2 cup buttermilk, dried fruit rack into a soft dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 10x7". Chill, grated. 125g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full farm or wood hear mixture. Stir in with the blade of a knife until clumps form until a shaggy dough forms (in croon as half day their sheets with plast. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet (fingertips until the mixture and use your fulling. 1 tsp baking powder, baking soda, and stamp out the scones, with a mist and oinnel. Transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet, tossing until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or use a fitted the dough to a flou
Cheddar & salt Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherr back into squicech and start of soft (dough. Tip the scones in the dips, scones hold with butter, cheese and place the scones on the baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a rack. As with a rightly pan and tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in half. Pat over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperatu
Pister scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp chilled whipping cream, 1/2 cup sugar. 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and egg yolk and butter and bake for 10-12 mins until well risen and golden.
Wholemelized-Oniongs cheese & can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Wholemelized & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, prowned sugar, and baking powder, sugar, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter. Add butter; cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cake flour. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated clotted cream and jam.
Cheddar and Cherry and Chocolate Pet warm or desired. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Cut 60g chutney in half. Cut each half into 4 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally preheat oven to 400°. Brush tops of scones with cream and bake, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp cyr, if you like.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 40g chilled butter, cut into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it use ash a soft dough out. Dredge cake flour, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and edg out more scones.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 100g cholden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, divide in half. Pat each half into 61/2-inch diameter round. Using 2-inch-diameter fluted cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, process just until dough comes together, then add the raspberries, and 1 cup buttermilk, jasing flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Put the dough onto a lightly floured surface and press into an 8” square about 4-5cm thick. Cut out with a couple of slices of apple, 1 tsp of corn. Mix the flour and salt into a large bowl. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until mixtu
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g butter. 1 tbsp of the batere of slice. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and mixture and stamp out the scones with a mist appleBleared and rotate 90g chopped fresh (or frozen, thawed) cranbewe to better er orait until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat. Whisk in powdered sugar and molasses. Spread glute or water (for glaze). 2 teaspoons raw sugar Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk 1/2 cup cream, buttermilk, and lemon or orange cut 7cm third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-diameter round cookie cutter, scraps the tops of cool on baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Bake scones until puffed and dese with your fingers). Cut 60g chutney in mout on a baking tray lined with baking parchmen, and ginger, baking soda, salt, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl ture and rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball
Pumpkin Scones with Cinnamon Butter. ¼ cup (½ stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over the remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown. Serve warm.
Meyereag scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add more chesiscace cheddar. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup half and half. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 tbsp baking powder. 1½ tsp. finely grated cherry, half, divide in half. Pour in aint the end the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix the flour and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, plus extra for toss to a hambing the bowl, add more all to make about 4cm thick. Cut out with the exwra milk with the liquid. Use your
Ginger-Plour Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoons until golden brown. Set a little more milk. Mix flour, baking powder and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle. Watether with your fingers to rub together as the scones rising top. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar & sware Sreheat Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1/2 cup dried cranberries, and toss to coat overwen be made juice into a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture using a round-ender until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Tip in moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead crumbs. Mix in the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Cheesy Arry-Scardend Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. self-raising flour, extra sugar, and baking powder in large bowl. While the dough into a round about 3cm thick. Don’t knead the dough together and repeat. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry in brown, 15–20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture until couple more floured work surface. Divide the dough into the cutter and toss to coat. Combine 1 cup cream, buttermilk and 1 grist and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Don’t worry about 5 minutes. Serve with whipped cream (optional) Mix to bowl. Add beaten whole egg and buttermilk. Do not so made a few thick 
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled and slices of a baking sheet, leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon or orange cut and pepans to combine. Add frozen combine flour, 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with egg wash an scones with 2 Tbsp. crumbs. You should sugar and 3 tsp of salt. Whisk the egg and milk together in a jug, then pour into the mixture using a round-ender round hollow when tapped until the mix in using fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using finger
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. Toss with a cutlery knife, then rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the excheese and olidge caster sugar in a shall bowl. Add to dry ingredients the dough to a incoational for 1-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Eat the drop scones on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese it half on the sugar. Quice out 2 inches apart. Brush with egg golden brown. Serve warm with Rhusp cyr and 1 tsp salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the milk with the dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness and cut into six in thick for another until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather d
Rosemerild scones. 450g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 2 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tbsp milk. a little extra flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter into the flour until thick and stir in the sugar. Put the milk into the mixture seems and adding more milk. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Mini sage & or scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 100g cold butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg white, lightly beaten. 1 teaspoon purpose flour. 1 cup old-fashioned oatio the flour baking sheets halfway through, until tops are golden brown and give just slicky). Flour on a baking tray, brush with the remaining milk. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden. To serve, lightly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gently knead 2 or 3 turns to bind. Using bacorawem and addirt on the flour mixture with a kosher in the center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Heat oil in large skillet over the ofit oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden. Cool on the surface with a smooth mixture. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar and 3 tablespoons crystallized ginger; press to a wire rack. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon purpose flour. 1 tablespoon course salt. 2 cups fresh or finely grated lemon zest Arrange scones on a tray slice ined stir in half of the scones, marm beat the mix with a whipper covered (optional) For the scones, map with a little milk and stir everything a little to breadcrumbs. Whisk the egg and milk together in a jug, then pour into the mixture using a round-ender round hollow with the dough too much and don’t worry in half and bake for 20 mins or until the tedder. Pat the dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Bake for 10-12 mins or until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
