Classic scones with jam & clotted cream. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 175ml milk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze lemon juice (see Know-how below). beaten egg. jam and clotted cream, to serve Heat oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Tip 350g self-raising flour into a large bowl with ¼ tsp salt and 1 tsp baking powder, then mix. Add 85g butter cubes, then rub in with your fingers until the mix looks like fine crumbs then stir in 3 tbsp caster sugar. Put 175ml milk into a jug and heat in the microwave for about 30 secs until warm, but not hot. Add 1 tsp vanilla extract and a squeeze of lemon juice, then set aside for a moment. Put a baking sheet in the oven. Make a well in the dry mix, then add the liquid and combine it quickly with a cutlery knife – it will seem pretty wet at first. Scatter some flour onto the work surface and tip the dough out. Dredge the dough and your hands with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times until it’s a little smoother. Pat into a round about 4cm deep. Take a 5cm cutter (smooth-edged cutters tend to cut more cleanly, giving a better rise) and dip it into some flour. Plunge into the dough, then repeat until you have four scones. You may need to press what’s left of the dough back into a round to cut out another four. Brush the tops with a beaten egg, then carefully place onto the hot baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day of baking, generously topped with jam and clotted cream. If freezing, freeze once cool. Defrost, then put in a low oven (about 160C/fan140C/gas 3) for a few mins to refresh.
Ultimate scones. 225g self-raising flour, preferably organic. ¼ tsp salt. 50g slightly salted butter. 25g golden caster sugar. 125ml buttermilk. 4 tbsp full-fat milk. a little extra flour. strawberrystrawberry Preheat the oven to 220C/gas 7/fan 200C and lightly butter a baking sheet (unless you’re using a non-stick sheet). Tip the flour into a mixing bowl with the salt. Shoot in the butter, then rub together with your fingers to make a reasonably fine crumbed mixture, lifting to aerate the mixture as you go. Try not to overrub, as the mixture will be lighter if it’s a little bit flaky. Now stir in the sugar. Measure the buttermilk, then mix in the milk to slacken it. Make a bit of a well in the middle of the flour mixture with a round-bladed knife, then pour in most of this buttermilk mixture, holding a little bit back in case it’s not needed. Using the knife, gently work the mixture together until it forms a soft, almost sticky, dough. Work in any loose dry bits of mixture with the rest of the buttermilk. Don’t overwork at this point or you will toughen the dough. Lift the ball of soft dough out of the bowl and put it on to a very lightly floured surface. Knead the mixture just 3-4 times to get rid of the cracks. Pat the dough gently with your hands to a thickness of no less than 2cm and no more than 2.5cm. Dip a 5.5cm round fluted cutter into a bowl of flour – this helps to stop the dough sticking to it, then cut out the scones by pushing down quickly and firmly on the cutter with the palm of your hand – don’t twist it.You will hear the dough give a big sigh as the cutter goes in. Gather the trimmings lightly then pat and cut out a couple more scones. Place on the baking sheet and sift over a light dusting of flour or glaze if you wish. Bake for 10-12 minutes until risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack, uncovered if you prefer crisp tops, or covered loosely with a cloth for soft ones. Serve with strawberry jam and a generous mound of clotted cream (Cornish people put jam first, then cream, Devonians the other way round). Eat them as fresh as you can.
Cheddar scones. 200g self-raising flour, plus a little more for dusting. 50g butter. 25g porridge oats. 75g grated cheddar. 150ml milk. avocadoavocado Heat oven to 220c/fan 200c/gas 7. Place the flour in a large bowl, then rub in the butter. Stir in the oats and cheese, then the milk – if it feels like it might be dry, add a touch more milk, then bring together to make a soft dough. Lightly dust the surface with a little flour. roll out the dough no thinner than 2cm. Using a 4cm plain cutter, firmly stamp out the rounds – try not to twist the cutter as this makes the scones rise unevenly. re-roll the trimmings and stamp out more. Transfer to a non-stick baking sheet, dust with a little more flour or grated cheese, then bake for 12-15 mins until well risen and golden. Cool on a wire rack before serving on their own or topped with mashed avocado, or soft cheese, and ham, cucumber or cress.
Buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 100g cold butter. 85g golden caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. splash of milk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter into a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in butter with fingers). Pulse in the sugar. Gently warm the buttermilk (don’t throw away the pot) and vanilla in a microwave or pan. Using your largest bowl, quickly tip in some of the flour mix, followed by some of the buttermilk mix, repeating until everything is in the bowl. Use a knife to quickly mix together to form a dough – don’t over-mix it. Tip onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently to about 4cm thick and stamp out rounds with a 6cm or 7cm cutter. Re-shape trimmings, until all the dough is used. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet or two. Add a splash of milk into the buttermilk pot, then use to glaze the top of each scone. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden and well risen.
Cherry scones. 450g self-raising flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 100g cold butter. 2 tbsp caster sugar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 2 tbsp milk. 2 tsp vanilla extract. 100g glacé cherry, chopped. clotted cream and cherry or strawberry jam, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, ½ tsp salt, bicarb and butter into a bowl and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Mix in the sugar. Quickly mix in the buttermilk, a splash of milk, vanilla and cherries and bring together to form a soft dough. Press out onto a lightly floured surface, to about 3cm thick. Cut out with 5cm cutters. Transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet, brush with the remaining milk and bake for 12-15 mins until golden and well risen. Serve with clotted cream and jam.
Mediterranean scones. 350g self-raising flour. 1 tbsp baking powder. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 tbsp olive oil. 8 halves Italian sundried tomatoes, coarsely chopped. 100g feta cheese, cubed. 10 black olives, pitted and halved. 300ml full fat milk. 1 egg Heat the oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Butter a large baking sheet. In a large bowl, mix together the flour, baking powder and salt. Rub in the butter with the oil, until the mixture resembles fine crumbs, then add the tomatoes, cheese and olives. Make a well in the centre, pour in the milk and mix with a knife, using a cutting movement, until it becomes a soft ‘stickyish’ dough. (Use all the milk – it helps give a light texture.) Don’t overhandle the dough. Flour your hands and the work surface well, and shape the dough into a round, about 3-4cm thick. Cut into eight wedges and place them well apart on the baking sheet. Brush with beaten egg and bake for 15-20 mins until risen, golden and springy to the touch. Transfer to a wire rack and cover with a clean tea towel to keep them soft. These are best served warm and buttered. Will keep for 2-3 days in an airtight container.
Fruit scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 175ml milk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. squeeze of lemon juice. 100g sultanas. beaten egg. jam and clotted cream, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Tip the flour into a large bowl with the salt and baking powder, then mix. Add the butter, then rub in with your fingers until the mix looks like fine crumbs. Stir in the sugar. Put the milk into a jug and heat in the microwave for about 30 secs until warm, but not hot. Add the vanilla and lemon juice, then set aside for a moment. Put a baking sheet in the oven. Make a well in the dry mix, then add the liquid and sultanas and combine it quickly with a cutlery knife – it will seem pretty wet at first. Scatter some flour onto the work surface and tip the dough out. Dredge the dough and your hands with a little more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times until it’s a little smoother. Pat into a round tin about 4cm deep. Take a 5cm cutter (smooth-edged cutters tend to cut more cleanly, giving a better rise) and dip it into some flour. Plunge into the dough, then repeat until you have four scones. You may need to press what’s left of the dough back into a round to cut out another four. Brush the tops with beaten egg, then carefully place onto the hot baking tray. Bake for 10 mins until risen and golden on the top. Eat just warm or cold on the day of baking, generously topped with jam and clotted cream. If freezing, freeze once cool. Defrost, then put in a low oven (about 160C/140C fan/gas 3) for a few mins to refresh.
Blueberry scones. 370g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 40g golden caster sugar. zest 1 large lemon. 80g unsalted butter. 300g blueberries. 100ml single cream. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 2 large eggs, plus 1 for glazing Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and line a baking tray with parchment. To make the scones, put the flour, baking powder, sugar and lemon zest in a large bowl and mix together to combine. Add the butter and use your fingers to rub into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse breadcrumbs (don’t rub too thoroughly; some larger lumps are preferable). Add the blueberries and toss together. In a small jug, mix together the cream, vanilla and eggs, and pour into the mixture. Use a cutlery knife to stir together until the mixture starts to form a dough. Tip onto the work surface and use your hands to gently knead until the dough just comes together. Lightly flour your work surface and flatten the dough into a disc about 2.5cm thick. Use a sharp knife to cut it into eight triangles. Transfer the scones to the prepared baking tray. Beat the remaining egg, then lightly brush it over the top of each scone. Bake in the oven for about 20-25 mins or until deep golden brown. Will keep for up to 3 days in an airtight container.
Walnut scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 50g walnuts. 125-150ml whole milk. 1 egg. soft goat's cheese, to serve (optional). fig jam, to serve (optional) Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly dust a baking sheet with flour. Mix the flour, baking powder and a good pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the chopped walnuts and the milk, mix together using a cutlery knife until clumping together, then tip onto your work surface and squash together to form a ball – try not to work the dough too much or your scones will be heavy. Flatten the dough a little with your hand to make a disc roughly 3cm thick, then use a sharp knife to cut into 6 triangles. Transfer to a baking sheet, brush with a little beaten egg, then place a walnut half on each scone. Bake for 15 mins until golden and puffed, then transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve with soft goat’s cheese and fig jam, if you like.
Vegan scones. 350g self-raising flour, extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp caster sugar. 95g vegan vegetable spread. 150ml soy milk, plus extra to glaze. jam, to serve. vegan cream alternative, e.g. oat-based crème fraîche, to serve Mix the flour, salt, baking powder and sugar in a bowl. Rub in the vegetable spread until you have fine breadcrumbs. You can also gradually pulse it in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Gradually stir the milk into the flour mixture until you have a smooth dough. Lightly dust your surface with flour and gently roll out the scone dough until 2cm thick. Transfer onto a baking tray lined with parchment and put it in the fridge for 30 mins to firm up. Remove the dough from the fridge and using a 7cm cutter, cut out the scones. Put them, top side down, onto another baking sheet lined with paper, leaving a 2cm gap between each one. This gives the scones an even top. Brush with the extra milk, making sure that it doesn’t drip onto the sides (otherwise they will rise unevenly). Put the scones in the freezer for 15 mins. Heat the oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove from the freezer and bake for 15-20 mins until golden brown. Serve with jam and vegan cream, if you like.
Ploughman’s scones. juice ½ lemon. 1 small eating apple. 12 tsp of your favourite chutney. punnet of cress, snipped. 225g self-raising flour, plus a little for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 85g extra mature cheddar, finely grated. 6 thyme sprigs, leaves picked. 150ml milk. 1 egg yolk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Tip the flour into a large bowl with the baking powder and a good pinch of salt. Add the butter and rub together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles damp breadcrumbs. Add the cheese and thyme leaves, mix in, then pour in the milk. Use a cutlery knife to bring the mixture together as a soft dough – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heavy. Tip onto your work surface, mopping up any dry crumbs with the dough. Pat into a disc about 1.5cm thick. Using a 5cm fluted cookie cutter, stamp out 12 scones (you may have to squash the scraps back together to get all 12). Place on the baking tray. Mix the remaining 1 tbsp milk with the egg yolk and brush over the top of the scones. Bake for 10-12 mins until well-risen and golden brown, then leave to cool a little on a wire rack. Just before serving, put the lemon juice in a bowl, cut the apple in half, remove the core, then very thinly slice into half moons. Toss the apple through the lemon juice as you go. Split the scones in half and fill each one with a couple of slices of apple, 1 tsp of chutney and a few sprigs of cress.
Pimm's scones. 300g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 70g cold butter, cut into small cubes. 30g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 150ml buttermilk. 2 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp Pimm's. 1 tbsp golden caster sugar. 300g pack strawberries, hulled and sliced. 1 large orange. handful mint. 300ml double cream. 2 tbsp icing sugar. 50ml Pimm's Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Cover a baking sheet with baking parchment. Put the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add a pinch of salt, then rub in the butter with your fingertips until it is mostly incorporated – unlike pastry, you don’t need to worry about rubbing the butter in too finely. Stir in the sugar and lemon zest. In a jug, mix the buttermilk with the milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture, then pour in the liquid. Use a knife to bring the dough together. Tip out onto a clean work surface and bring together with your hands. Patting is better than rolling so that you don’t overwork the dough. Stamp out eight scones with a 7cm fluted cutter – you’ll need to reshape the dough once from the trimmings. Put the scones on the baking sheet and bake on the top shelf for 10 mins until risen and the tops are golden. Cool on a wire rack. Mix the Pimm’s and caster sugar in a bowl. Stir in the fruit, cover and infuse in the fridge for 1 hr, then stir in the mint leaves. In a large bowl, whisk the cream, icing sugar and Pimm’s until the mix just holds its shape. Halve the cooled scones. Top the bottom half with a spoonful of cream and a spoonful of fruit, drizzle over some of the syrup, then sandwich with the top half.
Drop scones. 200g plain flour. ½ tbsp baking powder. ½ tsp fine salt. 50g golden caster sugar. 1 large egg. 300ml milk. vegetable oil, for cooking. butterbutter Sieve the flour into a bowl, and add the baking powder, sugar and ½ tsp of salt. Whisk the egg and milk together in a jug, then pour into the bowl and whisk for a few minutes until you make a smooth thick batter. Add a drizzle of oil to a hot plate or large frying pan, and spread using a piece of kitchen paper. Heat the pan over a medium heat, and once hot, drop 2 tbsp of the batter into the pan to make small pancakes. You will be able to make about 4-5 at a time. Cook the pancakes for 2-3 mins until the edges are set, and bubbles rise from the middle. Flip and cook for another 2-3 minutes until golden brown and cooked through. Repeat with the remaining batter, keeping the cooked ones warm in a low oven, if you like. Add another drizzle of oil to the pan when needed. Top the pancakes with a little butter and a drizzle of maple syrup, alongside some seasonal fruit, if you like.
Sugared scones. 85g diced butter. 350g self-raising flour. ¼ tsp salt. 1½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. 4 tbsp caster sugar. 200ml milk. crushed sugar cubes, to decorate Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Whizz butter into flour. Tip into a bowl and stir in salt with bicarbonate of soda and sugar. Using a cutlery knife, quickly stir in milk – don’t over-mix. Tip out onto a lightly floured surface and turn over a couple of times to very gently bring together with your hands. Gently pat to about 1in thick, then stamp out rounds with a floured cutter. Pat together trimmings to stamp out more. Brush the tops with a splash more milk, then scatter with crushed sugar cubes. Bake on a baking sheet for 10-12 mins until risen and golden.
Potato scones. 250g potatoes. 200g plain flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 3 tbsp milk. 2 eggs. 2 tsp oil, for frying Cook the potatoes in plenty of salted simmering water until tender. Drain well and mash. Sift the flour and baking powder into a bowl, add the butter, milk, eggs, mash and plenty of seasoning and mix to a sticky dough. Heat some butter and a little oil in a large frying pan. Fry dollops of the mixture as you would Scotch pancakes for 3 mins on each side until browned. You may need to do this in 2 batches so keep the fried ones warm in the oven. Serve with crisp bacon and grated mature cheddar, or blue cheese and a drizzle of honey.
Easy fluffy scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus more for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 85g cold butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150g pot natural full-fat yogurt. 4 tbsp full-fat milk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 1 egg Put a baking sheet in the oven at 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and baking powder into a food processor, then whizz in the butter until it disappears. Pulse in the sugar, tip into a large bowl, then make a well in the middle. Warm the yogurt, milk and vanilla together in the microwave for 1 min or in a pan; it should be hot and may well go a bit lumpy-looking. Tip into the bowl and quickly work into the flour mix using a cutlery knife. As soon as it’s all in, stop. Tip the dough onto a floured surface, then, with floured hands, fold the dough over a few times – just enough to create a smoothish dough. Press out to about 4cm/1½in thick, dip a 7cm cutter into more flour, then stamp out 4 rounds, flouring the cutter each time. Squash the remainder lightly together, then repeat until the dough is used up. Brush tops with egg wash, scatter flour over the hot sheet, then lift the scones on. Bake for 12 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten just-warm, or on the day.
Classic cheese scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. pinch of salt. pinch cayenne pepper. 1 tsp baking powder. 55g chilled butter. 120g mature cheddar. 90-100ml milk Heat the oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6 with a large baking tray inside. Sift the flour, salt, cayenne pepper and baking powder into a bowl, then sift again to make sure the ingredients are thoroughly combined. Add the butter to the bowl and combine with your fingertips to make breadcrumbs. Sprinkle 100g of the cheese into the breadcrumb mixture and rub together until evenly distributed. Try not to mix too much as the heat from your hands may start to melt the butter. Make a well in the centre of the mixture and pour in enough milk to give a fairly soft but firm dough. Do not pour in all the milk at once as you may not need it all to get the right consistency. Lightly flour a surface and roll out the dough to approximately 2cm thick. Cut out the scones with a medium (about 8cm) cutter, then put on a sheet of baking parchment, glaze with a little milk and sprinkle with the remaining cheese. Slide onto the hot oven tray. Bake in the oven for 15-20 mins or until golden brown and cooked through.
Wholemeal cheese & Marmite scones. 140g self-raising flour. 140g wholemeal flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 50g cold butter. 85g mature cheddar, grated. 1 egg. 1 tbsp Marmite. 2 tbsp Greek or natural yogurt. 3 tbsp milk Heat oven to 190C/fan 170C/gas 5. Mix the flours and baking powder in a mixing bowl with a pinch of salt, if you like. Add the butter and rub with your fingertips until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (or use a food processor). Stir in ½ of the cheese and make a well in the centre. Whisk the remaining ingredients together and pour into the well. With a cutlery knife, bring the mixture together to make a soft, but not sticky dough. Add a little more milk if the dough is too dry. Turn onto a floured surface, then roll out to about 2cm thick. Stamp out 4 scones using a round cutter, then gather the trimmings and repeat until all the dough has been used. Put on a baking sheet, brush with milk and scatter over remaining cheese. Bake for 10-12 mins until golden. Cool on a wire rack.
Cheddar & sweetcorn scones. 2 large sweetcorn. 350g self-raising flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 2 tsp English mustard powder. ¼ tsp ground cayenne or paprika. few thyme. 50g cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes. 175g cheddar. 175ml semi-skimmed milk. juice ½ lemon Bring a pan of salted water to the boil. Hold a corn cob at a right angle to the chopping board, then run a sharp knife down the length of the cob, as close to the core as you can get, slicing away the rows of corn. Boil the kernels for 4 mins or until just tender, then drain well. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, baking powder, mustard, cayenne, 1 tsp salt and 1 tsp thyme leaves in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until the mix looks like fine crumbs. Tip in most of the cheese and all of the corn. Mix the milk with the lemon juice, then stir into the bowl to make a slightly sticky dough. Don’t over-work the dough. Tip the dough onto the floured work surface, knead 2-3 times to smooth a little, then divide into 10 balls. Shape each roughly with your hands and put onto a floured baking sheet. Brush each with a little milk, then scatter with a little cheese, cayenne and a few thyme leaves. Bake for 10-12 mins or until the scones are risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Cool on a rack.
Cheese & bacon scones. 100g butter. 10 rashers streaky bacon. 275g self-raising flour. ½ tsp baking powder. 150ml milk. 50ml vegetable oil. 1 egg. handful snipped chives. 150g grated cheddar Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6 and grease a 12-hole muffin tin. In a frying pan over a medium heat, fry the bacon for 5 mins until golden. Let it cool, then chop into chunks and set aside In a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and 1 tsp sea salt. Using your fingers, mix the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles breadcrumbs In a small bowl, whisk together the milk, oil and egg. Tip into the dry mixture, and gently mix until the flour mixture is mostly moistened (lumps will remain). Stir in the bacon, chives and cheese, then spoon the batter into the muffin tin. Put the muffin tin in the oven and bake for 20 mins or until the tops are golden brown. Serve warm.
Griddle scones with honey. 200g self-raising flour. ½ tsp ground cardamom (about 10 pods, ground). 25g butter. 25g light muscovado sugar. 1 egg. about 75ml milk. butterbutter Put the flour and cardamom in a bowl and rub in the butter. Add sugar. Beat the egg in a measuring jug, then pour in milk to make it up to 100ml/3½fl oz. Pour into the bowl gradually, stirring first with a knife then with your hands, to make a soft, not sticky, dough. Knead until smooth on a floured work surface. Divide the dough into three and roll into circles the thickness of a £1 coin. Cut each into quarters. Heat a heavy-bottomed frying pan to medium hot. Cook the scones in batches for a couple of mins each side, until golden brown. Serve, spread with butter and drizzled with honey.
Chorizo & manchego scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 60g chorizo. 110g manchego. pinch of smoked paprika. 150ml buttermilk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Cut 60g chorizo and 60g manchego into small cubes and add them to the pulsed dry flour mixture with a pinch of smoked paprika. Stir the buttermilk into the mixture and use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rough squares. Re-shape any trimmings until all the dough is used. Grate another 50g manchego over the scones before baking. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Lemon drizzle scones. 250g self-raising flour, plus a little extra for dusting. 50g butter. 25g golden caster sugar. zest 2 lemons. 125ml buttermilk. 4 tbsp full-fat milk. 3 tbsp icing sugar. zest 1 lemon. 4 white sugar. clotted cream and jam, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 6 and grease a large baking tray. In a large bowl, rub the flour, 1⁄4 tsp salt and the butter together with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and lemon zest, and stir with a cutlery knife. Mix together the buttermilk and milk. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and add the liquid. Use your cutlery knife to combine the mixture as a soft dough, but don’t overmix or the scones will be heavy. Tip onto your work surface and pat the dough out to a 2.5cm thickness. Use a 7cm cookie cutter to stamp out the scones. Don’t twist as you cut, as this will stop the scones rising to their full potential. Any scraps of dough can be gently pushed back together to make more scones. Place the scones on the baking tray and bake for 10-12 mins until golden, then transfer to a wire rack and leave to cool. Mix the icing sugar with enough lemon juice to make a thick but runny icing. Drizzle over the scones, then scatter with the crushed sugar cubes and lemon zest. Leave to set for 10 mins, then enjoy with clotted cream and jam.
Cheese & Marmite scones. 450g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tbsp baking powder. 3 tsp Marmite. 1 large egg. about 250ml milk. 1 tbsp sunflower oil. 140g mature cheddar, grated. 100g full-fat cream cheese Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Mix the flour and baking powder in a large bowl. Put 1 tsp Marmite in a jug, add the egg and make up to 300ml with the milk. Stir in the oil, then beat really well to dissolve the Marmite. Tip 85g of the cheddar into a bowl and mix with the cream cheese and remaining Marmite to make a spread. Toss the rest of the cheese through the flour mixture, then pour in the milk mixture and stir with the blade of a knife until it comes together. (You need to work quickly once you’ve added the liquid, as it activates the baking powder.) Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and gently knead the mix, taking care not to overwork it, as it will make the scones heavy. Press or lightly roll the dough into an oblong about 20 x 25cm. Spread with the Marmite mixture and roll up from the longest side to create a tight, fat cylinder. Pat the ends of the cylinder to straighten them, then slice into 8 pinwheels and put on the baking tray, patting them to make flattish rounds. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden and cooked. Leave for a few mins on the tray to allow the cheese centre to harden a little, then transfer to a wire rack to cool. Eat warm or cold. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Cheddar & sage scones. 225g self-raising flour. 1½ tsp English mustard. 50g cold butter. 100g mature cheddar, grated. 1 tbsp finely chopped sage. 1 egg. 100ml buttermilk Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, mustard powder, ½ tsp salt and a grinding of black pepper in a large bowl. Rub in the butter until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Stir in half of the cheese and the sage. Mix together the egg and buttermilk in a separate bowl. Make a well in the centre of the flour mix and pour in all but ½ tbsp of the buttermilk mix. Working quickly, stir until the mixture forms a soft, spongy dough. Tip onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly until smooth. Roll out to a 3cm-thick square. Cut into quarters, then half each quarter diagonally, so you have 8 triangles. Place the scones on a floured baking tray, brush with the remaining buttermilk, sprinkle over the remaining cheese and top each with a sage leaf. Bake for 12-14 mins until they are well risen, golden and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Eat while still warm, spread with butter.
Coronation chicken scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp baking powder. 140g cold butter. 150ml milk. 1 tbsp nigella seeds. 1 egg. 3 cooked chicken breasts, finely chopped or shredded. 100g mango chutney. 2 tsp mild curry powder. 150g pot natural yogurt. 75g mayonnaise. small bunch coriander, chopped. small bunch mint. juice ½ lemon. ½ cucumber, peeled into ribbons. 1 small red onion, thinly sliced First, make the scones. Line a baking tray with baking parchment and heat oven to 220C/200C fan/ gas 7. Put the flour and baking powder in a large bowl, add 1 /4 tsp salt and mix well. Tip in the butter and rub into the flour with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the milk and nigella seeds, and use a cutlery knife to mix the ingredients together until they clump into a soft dough. Tip onto your work surface and knead briefly to incorporate any crumbs. Flour the surface well and roll the dough out to a thickness of about 1.5cm. Use a 7cm biscuit cutter to stamp out 12 circles – you may need to combine the scraps back together and re-roll to make all 12. Arrange over the baking trays, brush the tops with a little beaten egg and bake for 10-12 mins or until golden brown. Set aside to cool while you prepare the filling. Mix the chicken, chutney, curry powder, yogurt, mayo, herbs, lemon juice and some seasoning in a bowl. Chill until you’re ready to assemble. To serve, split the scones and make sandwiches with the coronation chicken, cucumber and red onion. Fix the scones together with a skewer, if you like.
‘Cheesy’ vegan scones. 3 tbsp olive oil. 1 tsp white wine vinegar. 250ml almond milk. 1 cauliflower stalk (around 100g). 300g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ½ tsp baking powder. 3 tbsp nutritional yeast. ¼ tsp mustard powder. ¼ tsp smoked paprika. 3 thyme sprigs, leaves picked. vegan onion chutney, to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly oil a baking tray. Mix the vinegar with the almond milk and set aside. Bring a saucepan of water to the boil, add the cauliflower stalk and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Drain well, leave to cool, then finely chop. Mix the flour, baking powder, nutritional yeast, spices, thyme leaves and 1 tsp salt in a large bowl. Add the cauliflower, then add the oil and pour in 230ml of the soured almond milk. Working quickly, bring the mixture together with a wooden spoon; if there is any dry mixture in the bowl, add more almond milk to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip the dough onto a floured work surface and pat to a thickness of about 2.5cm. Cut out rounds with a 6cm fluted cutter and transfer to the baking tray. Gather together any offcuts and cut out more rounds. Bake on the top shelf of the oven for 10-12 mins until golden. Serve warm with onion chutney.
Ice cream scones. 1pint vanilla or strawberry ice cream, melted. 175g self-raising flour. 2 tsp baking powder Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Mix all the ingredients with a pinch of sea salt (if you’re feeling adventurous, you can add a handful of sultanas), then pour the batter into a buttered muffin tin so that each hole is three-quarters full. Bake for 20 mins. Cool on a wire rack. While still warm, split in two and add jam and whipped cream.
Raspberry & coconut scones. 200g self-raising flour, plus a little for dusting. 25g desiccated coconut, plus 1 tbsp for sprinkling. 50g cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes. 25g golden caster sugar. 100ml buttermilk. 1-2 tbsp full-fat milk. 50g frozen raspberries, any large ones halved. 1 egg. clotted cream, to serve. jam or curd (passion fruit curd is nice with these scones), to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and dust a baking tray with a little flour. Put the remaining flour in a bowl with the coconut and1/4 tsp salt. Add the butter and rub in with your fingertips until the texture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the sugar and mix again, then pour in the buttermilk and 1 tbsp milk. Mix with a knife until the mixture has almost come together, then add the raspberries and mix again, trying not to break up the fruit too much. Add the remaining milk if the mixture seems too dry. Tip onto a work surface and knead the dough a little to bring it together and even out any dry patches – don’t overwork it or the scones will be heavy. Pat the dough into a square about 4-5cm deep. Cut into 4 pieces, roughly shaping them back into squares if they’ve lost their shape. Place on a baking tray, brush with egg and bake for 15 mins until golden and risen. Leave to cool on a wire rack. Pack clotted cream and jam or curd to serve with the scones. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Gingery buttermilk scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp ground ginger. 100g unsalted butter, chilled, diced. 75g caster sugar. 250ml buttermilk. 1 egg white, lightly beaten. 1 tbsp granulated sugar Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Sieve the flour, ginger and a pinch of salt into a large mixing bowl. Add the butter and cut into the mixture using a round-ended knife. Then use your fingers to rub the butter into the flour until it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the caster sugar and mix to combine. Make a well in the middle, add the buttermilk and stir in using the knife again. Once it comes together, use your hands to bring the dough into a ball. Tip out onto the work surface and very lightly knead for 30 secs until almost smooth. Lightly dust the work surface with flour and roll or flatten the dough into a square roughly 2cm thick. Using a long knife, trim the edges, then cut the dough into 6-7cm squares. Arrange the squares on a baking sheet, brush the tops with the beaten egg white, sprinkle with granulated sugar and bake on the middle shelf of the oven for about 10 mins until well risen and golden brown. Serve warm with Rhubarb & ginger jam and clotted cream.
Apple scones with blackberry compote. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g butter. 4 tbsp golden caster sugar. ¼ tsp cinnamon. 1 apple. 125ml milk. clotted cream and fresh or defrosted blackberry compote (see goes well with), to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Tip flour into a large bowl with butter then rub in using fingers until the mix looks like fine crumbs. Stir in sugar and cinnamon, add apple and give everything a mix. Pour in milk and stir it in quickly, then fold dough over 2-3 times until it’s a little smoother. Tip onto a lightly floured surface; pat into a round about 3cm deep. Dip a 6cm cutter into some flour then cut out scones, flouring the cutter each time. Squash offcuts lightly back into a round and repeat until all dough is used up. Brush tops with a little milk then place on to a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 18-20 mins until risen and golden. Allow to cool on the tray. To serve, split scones then spread with a dollop of clotted cream and a spoonful of blackberry compote.
Hot cross scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 1 small dessert apple, peeled and cored. 3 tbsp currants or other dried fruit (chopped if large). 50-75 ml milk. 4 tbsp natural yogurt. 1 egg. pack of strawberry laces or a roll of fruit leather, cut into strips the same diameter as the scone Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Tip the flour and salt into a large bowl. Grate the butter into the bowl, toss the mixture together, then rub the bits of butter into the flour until there are no big lumps left. Grate the apple into the bowl, then add the dried fruit, 50ml milk and the yogurt, and combine to make a soft dough. If the dough looks dry, add a little more milk. Don’t squeeze it too much and don’t worry if it looks a little lumpy. Roll out the dough on a floured surface and cut out scones using a 4cm round cutter. Combine any off-cuts and cut out more scones until you have used up all the mixture. Put the scones on a baking tray and cut a cross across the top of each (adults may have to help children here). Brush some egg over the top, if using. Bake for 10-12 mins or until the scones are risen and golden brown. While they are still warm, lay strawberry laces into the crosses you have cut in the tops of the scones.
Prune & almond scones. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 100g prunes. 40g chopped flaked almonds. a few drops of vanilla extract. 150ml buttermilk. beaten egg Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Halve and stone 100g prunes and add them to the pulsed dry flour mixture along with 40g chopped flaked almonds. Add a few drops vanilla extract to the buttermilk before combining with the flour mixture. Use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm roundsor cut into squares or triangles (pat the dough into a neat rectangle first to ensure straight edges). Re-shape any trimmings until all the dough is used. Brush the tops with a beaten egg before baking. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden.
Pumpkin spice scones. 450g self-raising flour, plus extra for rolling. 100g cold butter. 50g golden caster sugar. 1-2 tsp pumpkin spice (or mix ½ tsp cinnamon, ¼ tsp ginger, a good grind of nutmeg and a pinch of allspice). 200g cooked pumpkin. 80-100ml milk. butterbutter Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour in a bowl and coarsely grate in the butter (dipping the butter into the flour can make it easier to grate; do this as often as you need). Use a butter knife to stir the butter into the flour, then mix in the sugar and spice. Add the pumpkin and 80ml milk to the flour mixture and quickly stir everything together. Add more milk if you need to. Tip the mixture onto a floured surface and lightly bring together with your hands a couple of times. Roll out until 4cm thick and stamp out rounds with a 7cm cutter. Re-shape the trimmings until all the dough has been used. Place the rounds on a lightly floured baking sheet and brush the tops with any remaining milk. Bake for 10-12 mins until risen and lightly browned.
Boxing Day scones. 450g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 2 tsp baking powder. 50g butter. 2 tsp wholegrain mustard. 1 large egg. 280ml milk. 100g stilton. 100g leftover cooked gammon or ham, chopped into rough cubes Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour and baking powder in a large bowl and rub in the butter using your fingertips until the mixture looks like fresh breadcrumbs. Mix the mustard, egg and milk together in a jug then pour into the flour mixture along with the Stilton and ham. Knead the dough briefly, you want to make sure all the ingredients are evenly dispersed through the mix but try not to overwork the dough. Dust your work surface with flour then shape the dough into a flat disc around 4-5cm thick. Cut out 9 or 10 scones using a 7.5cm fluted cutter then transfer to a baking sheet lined with baking parchment. Brush the tops with milk then bake for 12-15 mins or until risen and golden. Serve warm with butter, cheese and pickles.
Buttermilk & sultana scones. 450g gluten-free self-raising flour blend, plus extra for sprinkling. 1 tbsp gluten-free baking powder. 2 tsp xanthan gum. 85g golden caster sugar, plus extra for sprinkling. 100g butter. 50g sultana, plumped up in boiling water for 10 mins, then drained. 284ml pot buttermilk. 100ml milk. butter and jam, or clotted cream and strawberries (optional), to serve Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7 and lightly flour a large baking sheet. Tip the flour into a large bowl and stir in the baking powder, xanthan gum, sugar and ½ tsp salt. Rub the butter into the flour mixture with your fingertips until it is completely incorporated, then add the sultanas. Stir the buttermilk and milk together, then pour into the flour mixture. Stir in with the blade of a knife to make a soft dough. Tip onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out with your hands until about 4cm thick. Don’t knead the mixture as this will make a heavy scone, and if the mixture seems a little too wet, leave for a few mins, as gluten-free flour requires more liquid than wheat flour. Stamp out rounds using a 7cm floured cutter, then place the scones on the baking tray, spaced apart. You will need to lightly squash the dough trimmings together to give you 8-9 scones in total. Brush the tops of the scones with milk, sprinkle with sugar and bake for 10-12 mins until pale golden. Serve with butter and jam, or push the boat out with clotted cream and strawberries, too. Best eaten on the day they are made.
Pistachio scones with a lemon glaze. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 50g butter. 50g pistachios. 3 tbsp golden caster sugar. 150ml buttermilk. icing sugar. juice of ½ a lemon Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Put the flour, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until you can’t feel any lumps of butter (or rub in any remaining lumps with your fingers). Finely chop 50g pistachios and add them to the pulsed dry flour mixture with 3 tbsp golden caster sugar. Stir the buttermilk into the mixture and use a knife to quickly combine everything together to form a dough – stop when it has just combined and don’t overmix it. Tip the dough onto a floured surface and lightly bring it together with your hands a couple of times. Press out gently until about 4cm thick, then stamp out 6-7cm rounds. Re-shape any trimmings until all the dough is used. Spread out on a lightly floured baking sheet and bake for 10-12 mins or until well risen and golden. When the scones are cooked, mix enough icing sugar into the juice of ½ a lemon to make a thick glaze, then drizzle it liberally over the scones.
Mini sage & onion scones. 1 tbsp olive oil. 1 onion. 225g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 50g unsalted butter. 6 sage. 125-150ml/4floz-¼pt milk. 1 egg. 4 tbsp cranberry. 140g/5oz turkey Heat oven 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Heat the oil in a pan and cook the onion for 5 mins until soft, then set aside to cool. In a food processor, pulse the flour and butter together until the mixture looks like crumbs, then add the sage, cooled onion and enough milk to make a soft but not sticky dough. Tip out onto a floured surface, knead briefly, then roll out to 1cm thickness. Using a 1.5cm cutter, stamp out mini scones. Brush tops with egg, put onto a baking sheet and bake for 8-10 mins until risen and golden. To serve, split the scones, spread each side with cranberry sauce, then sandwich together with the turkey.
Crunchy crusted citrus scones. 175g ricotta. finely grated zest of 1 orange. 100g golden caster sugar. 200g self-raising flour. 50g butter. 1-2 tbsp milk. a little flour. 1 tbsp demerara sugar. creamcream Preheat the oven to 200C/Gas 6/fan oven 180C and grease a baking sheet. Tip the ricotta into a bowl and mix in the orange zest and half the sugar until combined. Sift the flour and remaining sugar into another bowl. Cut the butter into small cubes and rub into the flour mixture so it looks like fine breadcrumbs. Stir the ricotta mixture into the flour mixture, adding a tablespoon or two of milk if necessary to get a soft (but not sticky) dough. Tip the dough on to a floured work surface and knead very lightly a few times only – just until the dough loses its craggy look. If you overknead, the scones will be tough. Roll or press out the dough until it’s about 4cm/11⁄2in thick. Shape into a neat round, put it on the baking sheet and mark into six wedges with a knife. Brush the top of the scone round with milk, sprinkle with a little flour, then top with the demerara sugar. Bake for 20-25 minutes until well risen and brown on top. Transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly before serving warm, spread with a little cream or butter, and lemon or orange curd. (These are best on the day of making, but will keep in an airtight container for 1-2 days, or in the freezer for up to 1 month.)
Gluten-free scones. 250g gluten free self-raising flour. ½ tsp fine salt. 1 tsp xanthan gum. 1 tsp gluten-free baking powder. 50g caster sugar. 40g cold butter. 75ml whole milk. 1 large egg. 50g sultanas (optional) Mix the flour, salt, xanthan gum, baking powder and sugar together in a bowl. Rub in the butter with your fingertips until you have fine breadcrumbs. You can also do this by gradually pulsing the mixture in a food processor until it resembles breadcrumbs. Whisk together the milk and whole egg and gradually mix into the flour mixture with your hands until you have a smooth dough. Mix in the sultanas, if using. Knead briefly to come together into a ball. Gently roll out the scone dough until 2cm thick. Transfer to a baking tray lined with parchment and chill for 30 mins to firm up the dough – this makes them easier to cut out. Remove the dough from the fridge and, using a 5cm cutter, cut out 6-8 scones (press the offcuts together and re-roll when you need to). Put the scones upside down (this will mean you get a neater top when baked) onto another baking tray lined with baking parchment, spread 2cm apart. Whisk the egg yolk and evenly brush the tops of the scones, making sure that the egg wash doesn’t run down the sides of the scones otherwise they will rise unevenly. Put the scones on a tray and transfer to the freezer for 15 mins. Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Remove the scones from the freezer and brush the tops with the beaten egg again, then bake for 12-15 mins until golden brown. Eat just warm or cold, generously topped with jam and cream, if you like.
Basic buttermilk scones. 350g self-raising flour. ½ tsp bicarbonate of soda. a good pinch of salt. 85g butter. 284ml carton buttermilk Preheat the oven to 220C/gas 7/fan 200C. Mix the flour, bicarbonate of soda and salt in a bowl. Add the butter, cut into small pieces and rub in with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Tip in the buttermilk and mix lightly and quickly to form a soft dough. Knead very briefly, then roll out to 2cm thickness and cut into sixteen 5cm rounds. Put on a baking sheet (no need to grease) a little apart, and bake for 12-15 minutes, until risen and pale golden.
Cheese & chutney scones. 350g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 85g butter. 200g extra-mature cheddar. 284ml pot buttermilk. 6 heaped tsp onion Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Dust a large baking sheet with a little flour. Tip the flour into a big bowl and mix in the bicarb and 1 tsp salt. Add the butter and rub into the flour with your fingertips to breadcrumbs, or whizz in a food processor until no butter lumps remain. Stir in all but a small handful of the cheese. Drizzle over the buttermilk and, using a cutlery knife, quickly mix together lightly. Tip onto a lightly floured surface and gently bring together with your hands into an oval about 2.5cm deep. Cut into 6 scones with a floured knife, then lift onto the baking sheet, leaving room for them to spread. Using the back of your tsp measure, press a small dip into the middle of each scone. Spoon the chutney into the dips, scatter over the remaining cheese, and bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden. Best eaten on the day of baking with butter, plus a dollop more chutney, if you fancy it.
Eton mess scones. 400g self-raising flour, plus extra for dusting. ¼ tsp salt. 1 tsp baking powder. 100g butter. 3 tbsp caster sugar, plus extra for sprinkling. 200ml buttermilk. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 5 tbsp milk. good handful small strawberries. small jar good strawberry. 2 meringue nests, crumbled into chunks. 200ml tub clotted cream Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Mix the flour, salt and baking powder together in a large bowl. Rub in the butter or whizz the lot in a food processor to fine crumbs, then stir in the sugar. Warm the buttermilk, vanilla and milk to hand temperature, then quickly stir it into the flour mixture with a knife. Using your hands, bring the dough together, being careful not to overwork the mix. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and pat out to a 2.5cm thick round. Stamp out 12 x 5cm rounds, dusting the cutter with flour as you stamp – you’ll need to re-pat trimmings to make 12. Put the rounds onto floured baking sheets, brush the tops with milk and sprinkle with a little more sugar. Bake for 12-15 mins until golden. To serve, lightly mash the strawberries with the jam, and fold the meringues into the clotted cream. Dollop some strawberry mixture onto each split scone, and top with a dollop of meringue cream.
Strawberry compote with sugared drop scones. 500g ripe strawberry. 4 tbsp caster sugar. 2 tbsp lemon juice. few drops balsamic vinegar. 25g unsalted butter. 140g self-raising flour. pinch of fine salt. 1 tbsp white caster sugar, plus extra for tossing. 1 large egg. 1 tsp vanilla extract. 150ml semi-skimmed milk. vanilla ice cream, to serve Cut the strawberries in half or in quarters if large, and put in a pan with the sugar and lemon juice. Heat gently until the sugar dissolves, then bring to a simmer. Cover the pan and cook the strawberries for 3 mins or until dark red and syrupy. Cool, then add the balsamic vinegar, if using. The compote can be stored in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. To make the drop scones, the best flavour and golden colour will come from cooking them in clarified butter. Melt the butter gently in a small pan, then pour the clear yellow layer into a jug. Discard the white solids. Sift the flour and salt into a mixing bowl, and stir in the sugar. Make a well in the middle, crack in the egg, then add the vanilla and a splash of milk. Whisk until thick and smooth, then whisk in the remaining milk. Put a few tbsp extra caster sugar in a shallow container, ready for sugaring the drop scones. Heat a non-stick frying pan, then add a splash of clarified butter and swirl it around. Spoon in 4 dessertspoons of the batter, spacing them well apart, to make drop scones about 7cm across. As soon as bubbles appear on the surface, flip the scones and cook until puffed in the middle. Keep warm while you cook another batch. Toss the scones in the caster sugar, then serve with strawberry compote and a scoop of ice cream.
Rosemary & olive drop scones with goat's cheese. 200g self-raising flour. 1 tsp baking powder. 2 eggs. 200ml milk. 1 sprig rosemary. handful black olive, stoned and chopped. sunflower oilsunflower oil. 175g firm goat's cheese. 200g punnet cherry tomato, halved. extra-virgin olive oil, to serve Sieve the flour and baking powder into a large bowl, then season with salt and pepper. Make a well in the middle, pour in the eggs and a splash of milk then, using a balloon whisk or wooden spoon, start to draw the flour into the eggs and milk. Beat the mix until smooth, then stir in the rest of the milk until you have a smooth batter. Mix in the rosemary and olives. Lightly grease a non-stick frying pan with oil and warm over moderate heat. Add a tablespoon of the mix and cook for 2 mins or until you see bubbles on the surface and it’s golden underneath. Flip over and continue to fry for another minute. Do this in batches of 3 or 4, greasing the pan in between, then remove from pan and cool. Heat grill to high and place the drop scones on a baking sheet. Slice the cheese into small pieces and arrange on top of each drop scone. Top with the tomatoes and grill for 5 mins until the cheese has melted and the tomatoes are heated through. Serve with a grinding of black pepper and a drizzle of olive oil, if you like.
Dill scones with smoked salmon & cucumber relish. 200g plain flour, plus extra for dusting. 200g wholemeal plain flour. 1 tsp bicarbonate of soda. 20g pack dill, half finely chopped. 50g unsalted butter, very cold and cut into cubes. 300ml milk. 1 tsp poppy seeds. 200g pack smoked salmon slices and 300g pack soft cheese, to serve. 1 tbsp caster sugar. 100ml rice wine vinegar. 1 large cucumber, peeled. half red onion, very thinly sliced. 1 mild red chilli, deseeded and finely chopped (optional) For the scones, heat oven to 230C/210C fan/gas 8 and lightly flour a baking sheet. Mix the flours, bicarb, chopped dill and 1 tsp fine salt in a large bowl, then rub in the butter until it disappears. Tip in the milk and stir briefly to a sticky dough. Scrape the dough onto a floured surface, dust the dough and your hands with more flour, then fold the dough over 2-3 times to smooth a little. Pat into a 4cm-deep round. Use a 7cm cutter to stamp out scones (see tip, below). Press trimmings together and repeat. Brush with milk, scatter with poppy seeds, then bake for 15-18 mins or until golden and well risen. Cool on a rack. As with all scones, these are best eaten on the day. For the pickle, stir sugar into vinegar until dissolved. Halve and deseed the cucumber, slice thickly, then toss with the vinegar, onion and chilli. Leave for at least 15 mins in the fridge. Can be made up to 24 hrs ahead. When ready to serve, tear remaining dill over the relish. Split scones, spread with soft cheese and top with a ribbon of salmon and a little relish.
Cheesy Apple-Pepper Scones. 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces. ½ cup sugar. 1 medium Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cake flour. 2 tsp. kosher salt. 1½ tsp. baking powder. 1½ tsp. freshly ground black pepper. ¼ tsp. baking soda. 2¼ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting. 4 oz. crumbled fresh goat cheese or finely grated sharp cheddar. 1¼ cups cold heavy cream, plus more for brushing Chill butter in freezer until very cold and hard, 15–20 minutes. Meanwhile, spread sugar in a medium skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally from the outside edge toward the center, until sugar melts, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook, swirling pan occasionally, until syrup turns deep amber in color, about 3 minutes more. Carefully add apples to pan and spread in a single layer. Remove pan from heat and let sit until apples release some juices, absorb the caramel, and cool, about 30 minutes. Some sugar will crystallize, don’t worry, it’s supposed to! Preheat oven to 400˚. Scrape apples into a fine-mesh sieve to drain excess caramel. Pulse cake flour, salt, baking powder, pepper, baking soda, and 2¼ cups all-purpose flour in a food processor to combine. Add frozen butter and pulse until butter is in large pea-size pieces. Do not overprocess—visible pieces of butter will result in light, flaky layers. Transfer dough to a large bowl. Add drained apples and cheese. Mix with a rubber spatula to combine. Form a well in the center and pour in 1¼ cups cream. Mix with spatula until cream is incorporated and flour is hydrated but dough is still shaggy. Turn out dough onto a clean work surface and press together with your hands just until it forms one rough piece. Do not knead. Lightly dust work surface and dough with flour. Roll dough to an 8x8" square. Using a sharp knife, cut dough into quarters (four 4x4" squares), then cut each quarter into four 2x2" squares. You should have 16 squares. Cut each square in half on a diagonal to make 32 triangles. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, spacing 1" apart. Brush tops with cream. Bake scones, rotating pan halfway through, until tops are light golden brown, 18–20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. Do Ahead: Unbaked scones can be formed 1 week ahead. Tightly wrap with plastic and freeze. To reheat, brush with cream as instructed and increase bake time to 20–25 minutes.
Ina Garten's Chocolate Pecan Scones. 8 oz. coarsely chopped bittersweet chocolate, such as Lindt (about 1½ cups). 1 cup chopped pecans. 3 Tbsp. plus 4 cups all-purpose flour, divided, plus more for dusting. 2 Tbsp. baking powder. 4 tsp. kosher salt. 2 Tbsp. sugar, plus more for sprinkling. 1½ cups (3 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into ½" pieces. 1 cup cold heavy cream. 4 extra-large eggs, lightly beaten. 1 extra-large egg beaten with 2 Tbsp. water or cream (for egg wash). A 3"-diameter round cookie cutter Arrange racks in top and bottom third of oven; preheat to 400°. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper. Combine chocolate, pecans, and 3 Tbsp. flour in a small bowl. Using a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat baking powder, salt, 2 Tbsp. sugar, and 4 cups flour on low speed to combine. Add butter and, with mixer still on low speed, beat until pea-sized pieces of butter remain. Pour cream into a glass measuring cup, add eggs, and whisk until combined. With mixer still on low speed, pour cream mixture into butter mixture and beat just until blended. Add chocolate mixture and beat just until combined (the dough will be very sticky). Turn out dough onto a well-floured work surface and knead a few times, dusting with flour so dough doesn't stick to surface, until chocolate and pecans are well distributed. Flour your hands and a rolling pin and roll dough ¾"–1" thick. You should see lumps of butter in the dough. Cut dough with 3" cutter. Place rounds on prepared pans. Reroll scraps, cut out more rounds, and place on prepared pans. Brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake scones, rotating pans top to bottom halfway through, until tops are lightly browned and insides are fully baked, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar–Walnut Scones. ½ cup walnuts. 1½ cups whole wheat flour. 2 tablespoons sugar. 4½ teaspoons baking powder. 1½ teaspoons kosher salt. 1½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces. 6 ounces aged sharp cheddar, coarsely grated. 1¾ cups chilled heavy cream, plus more for brushing. Flaky sea salt. Apple Butter (for serving) Preheat oven to 350°. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown and fragrant, 7–10 minutes. Let cool, then chop. Whisk whole wheat flour, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, and 1½ cups all-purpose flour in a large bowl. Add butter and toss to coat. Using your fingers, work butter into dry ingredients until pieces are pea-size. Add cheese and walnuts and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream over and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together. Turn out dough and any loose flour onto a lightly floured work surface. Briefly knead to bring dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the shape doesn’t matter). Using a bench scraper to help lift dough, fold in half and rotate 90°. Roll to ¾" thick, fold in half, and rotate again. Repeat process 2 more times for a total of 4 folds, lightly dusting with more flour as needed; this will create lots of flaky layers. Flatten dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 10x7". Chill, uncovered, at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425°. Trim dough to 9x6", then halve lengthwise. Cut each half into thirds crosswise to form six 3" squares. Halve each on a diagonal (you should have 12 triangles). Transfer dough to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Brush with cream and sprinkle with sea salt. Bake scones, rotating sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown, 16–18 minutes. Transfer scones to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter. Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead; wrap tightly and chill. Scones, without brushing, can be made 1 day ahead; store in an airtight container or tightly wrapped at room temperature.
Blue Cheese–Pecan Scones. 4½ teaspoons baking powder. 1 tablespoon sugar. 1½ teaspoons kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces, plus more, room temperature, for serving. 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled. ⅓ cup chopped pecans. 1½ cups chilled heavy cream, plus more for brushing. Freshly ground black pepper. Jam (for serving) Preheat oven to 425°. Whisk baking powder, sugar, salt, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl. Add ½ cup chilled butter and toss to coat. Using your fingers, work butter into flour until pieces are pea-size with a few larger pieces remaining. Add blue cheese and pecans and toss to coat. Drizzle in 1½ cups cream and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together with a few bits of dry flour remaining. Transfer dough and any loose flour to a lightly floured work surface and briefly knead to bring everything together. Flatten dough to ¾" thick (the shape doesn’t matter). Using a bench scraper to help lift the dough, fold in half and rotate 90°. Flatten it again to ¾" thick, fold in half, and rotate again. Repeat this process 2 more times for a total of 4 folds, lightly dusting surface with more flour as needed; this will create lots of flaky layers when the scones are baked. Flatten dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 9x6", and halve lengthwise. Cut into thirds crosswise to form six 3" squares; halve each on a diagonal (you should have 12 triangles). Transfer scones to a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze 10 minutes. Brush scones with cream and sprinkle with pepper. Bake, rotating baking sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 16–18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with jam and room-temperature butter.
BA's Best Cream Scones. ¼ cup granulated sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. ½ teaspoon baking soda. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. 3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg, beaten to blend. 1¼ cups heavy cream, plus more for brushing. Demerara or raw sugar (for sprinkling) Preheat oven to 375°. Whisk granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl to combine. Add butter and toss to coat. Using your fingers or a pastry blender, work butter into flour until only pea-size pieces remain. Make a well in the center; add egg and 1¼ cups cream and mix with a fork, incorporating dry ingredients a little at a time, until a shaggy dough forms (it’s okay if it looks a little dry; don’t overwork). Lightly knead dough in bowl until it just comes together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into a 1"-thick round. Cut into 8 wedges and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush dough with cream and sprinkle with demerara sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Do Ahead: Scones can be made 1 day ahead. Store lightly covered at room temperature.
Pumpkin Scones with Cinnamon Butter. ¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, room temperature. 1 teaspoon pure maple syrup. ¾ teaspoon ground cinnamon. ¼ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ cup granulated sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon ground ginger. ½ teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg. ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon. ½ teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ teaspoon ground cloves. ¼ teaspoon baking soda. 2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface. ¾ cup (1½ sticks) chilled unsalted butter. ½ cup chopped fresh (or frozen, thawed) cranberries. 1 large egg. ½ cup canned pure pumpkin. ¼ cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing. 2 tablespoons raw sugar Mix butter, maple syrup, cinnamon, and salt in a small bowl. DO AHEAD: Cinnamon butter can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill.
Strawberry-Graham Scones. 1¼ cups all-purpose flour. 1¼ cups graham flour or whole wheat pastry flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. ¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 10 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 6 ounces strawberries, hulled, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 1 ½ cups). 3/4 cup whole milk. 1 large egg yolk Preheat oven to 375°. Pulse all-purpose flour, graham flour, baking powder, salt, and ¼ cup sugar in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until the texture of coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a medium bowl, add strawberries, and toss to combine. Whisk milk and egg yolk in a small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, and, using a fork, gently mix just to combine. Using your hands, gently knead a few times just until a shaggy dough comes together. Place a 2 ½x1" round cookie cutter on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Gently press about 1/8 of dough into the cutter (you want to pack dough enough to hold together but not so much that scones will be dense and heavy), then lift cutter straight up, leaving a neat round of dough. Repeat with remaining dough. Sprinkle scones with remaining 1 Tbsp. sugar. Chill in freezer 20 minutes (this will help scones hold their shape). Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool slightly. DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Herby Provolone Scones. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1½ teaspoon kosher salt. ½ teaspoon paprika. 4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more. 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 8 oz. provolone cheese, grated. 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary. 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme. 4 large eggs. ¾ cup heavy cream, plus more Pulse baking powder, salt, paprika, and 4 cups flour in a food processor until combined; add butter and pulse until the texture of coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Transfer mixture to a large bowl and mix in provolone, chives, rosemary, and thyme. Make a well in the center; add eggs and ¾ cup cream. Using a fork, blend eggs and cream, then slowly incorporate dry ingredients until a shaggy dough forms, being careful to not overwork dough. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and press into an 8” square about 1” thick. Using a floured chef’s knife, cut into 16 squares and divide between 2 parchment-lined baking sheets. Wrap with plastic and chill 2 hours. Preheat oven to 400°. Brush tops of scones with cream and bake, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until golden brown on tops and bottoms, 20–25 minutes. DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 1 month ahead. Place chilled scones in resealable plastic bags and freeze.
Adare Manor Scones. 1 1/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon kosher salt. 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour plus more for work surface. 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1/2 cup whole milk. 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 large egg, beaten to blend. Clotted cream, raspberry jam, and/or lemon curd (for serving) Preheat oven to 425°. Whisk baking powder, salt, and 1 1/2 cups flour in a large bowl. Add butter and blend with your fingertips until pea-size pieces form. Add milk and sugar and mix with a fork until a shaggy dough forms. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead until dough just comes together, 3 or 4 times. Gently pat dough into a 1-inch-thick round. Using a 2-inch round biscuit cutter or inverted small glass, cut out scones. Gather scraps and repeat, patting out and cutting to make 10 scones. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg. Bake scones until golden brown, 15-20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature, split, with clotted cream, jam, and/or lemon curd. DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 8 hours ahead. Let cool completely and store airtight at room temperature.
Sweet Lavender Scones. 3 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 3/4 cup granulated sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon dried lavender buds. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/4-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest. 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. 2 tablespoons sanding or granulated sugar. 1 1/2 cups store-bought lemon curd Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 425°. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk 3 cups flour and next 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Add butter; rub in with your fingers until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, zest, and vanilla in a small bowl. Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients. Stir until shaggy dough forms. Transfer to a lightly floured surface; knead until dough forms, about 5 turns. Pat into a 10x6" rectangle. Halve dough lengthwise. Cut each half crosswise into 4 squares. Cut each square diagonally in half into 2 triangles. Divide between baking sheets. Brush with 2 Tbsp. buttermilk. Sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until scones are golden and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 13–15 minutes. Transfer to wire racks; let cool. Serve warm or at room temperature with lemon curd.
Cherry-Ginger Scones. 2 cups all-purpose flour plus more for surface. 1 1/2 cups light rye flour. 3/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 teaspoon kosher salt. 3/4 cup coarsely chopped thawed and drained frozen pitted cherries. 1 cup coarsely chopped crystallized ginger. 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat to 350°. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk both flours, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Add cherries and ginger and toss to coat. Combine 1 cup cream, buttermilk, and zest in a medium bowl. Pour cream mixture into dry ingredients; stir until partially combined. Scrape mixture onto a lightly floured surface. Knead with lightly floured hands until dough forms, 4–6 turns (dough will be slightly sticky). Form into a 10x5 1/2x1-inch rectangle. Cut lengthwise in half. Cut each half into 4 squares. Cut each square in half diagonally for 16 triangles. Transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing apart. Brush tops of scones with 2 Tbsp. cream; sprinkle with 1 Tbsp. sugar. Bake scones, rotating sheets halfway through, until tops are golden brown and give just slightly in the center when pressed, 30–35 minutes. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Ginger-Pecan Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons ground ginger. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/3 cups pecan halves, toasted, chopped. 1/2 cup plus 3 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger (about 4 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons buttermilk. 1 1/2 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger. 1 teaspoon vanilla extract Preheat oven to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment. Whisk flour, 2/3 cup sugar, baking powder, ground ginger, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and baking soda in large bowl. Add butter; using fingertips, blend butter into flour until coarse meal forms. Toss in pecans and 1/2 cup crystallized ginger. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk, grated ginger, and vanilla in measuring cup. Form well in center of dry ingredients. Add buttermilk; stir with fork until moist clumps form. Transfer to lightly floured surface. Knead just until dough comes together; divide in half. Form each half into 61/2-inch disk. Cut each disk into 6 wedges. Transfer to sheet. Brush with 11/2 tablespoons buttermilk. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar and 3 tablespoons crystallized ginger; press to adhere. Bake scones until golden and toothpick inserted horizontally into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool scones on sheet on rack.
Double-Lemon Thumbprint Scones. 3 large lemons. 2 cups self-rising flour. 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 1/4 cups plus 2 tablespoons chilled heavy whipping cream. 2 tablespoons (about) cherry, raspberry, or strawberry preserves Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large heavy-duty rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Finely grate enough peel from lemons to measure 6 teaspoons; set grated peel aside. Squeeze enough juice from 1 lemon to measure 1 tablespoon (seal remaining lemons in plastic wrap and reserve for another use). Whisk flour and 1/2 cup sugar in medium bowl to blend. Add 1 1/4 cups chilled whipping cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 4 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel; stir gently to combine. Gather dough together and turn out onto lightly floured work surface; knead briefly, 4 to 5 turns. Pat or roll out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2- to 23/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter or biscuit cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Reroll dough scraps and flatten to 1-inch thickness; cut out additional rounds. Transfer scones to prepared rimmed baking sheet, spacing scones about 1 inch apart. Using thumb, push down center of each scone to make deep indentation. Spoon about 1/2 teaspoon preserves into indentation of each scone. Whisk remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, and 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel in small bowl to blend. Brush top of scones generously with lemon glaze. Bake scones until golden and cake tester inserted horizontally into center of scone comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer thumbprint scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve scones warm or at room temperature.
Bacon and Date Scones. 10 ounces thick-cut bacon slices. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 3/4 cup coarsely chopped pitted Medjool dates. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter. 2/3 cup buttermilk. Raw sugar Preheat oven to 400°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Cook bacon in heavy large skillet over medium heat until cooked through but still tender and not crisp, turning occasionally. Transfer bacon to paper towels to drain; cool. Pour bacon drippings from skillet into small heatproof bowl and reserve. Whisk flour, 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Coarsely chop cooled bacon. Add bacon and dates to flour mixture; toss to coat. Coarsely grate butter into flour mixture. Using fork, stir in butter. Add buttermilk; stir until large moist clumps form. Using hands, knead mixture briefly in bowl until dough forms. Transfer dough to floured work surface. Pat into 8-inch round. Cut into 8 wedges. Transfer scones to sheet. Cover and chill scones 2 hours. Brush with reserved bacon drippings. Sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake scones until golden brown and tester inserted into center of scones comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cool completely; store airtight at room temperature.
Clementine Scones. 3 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 3 3/4 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup buttermilk. 2 tablespoons finely grated clementine peel. 1 large egg, beaten to blend (for glaze). Raw sugar. Lightly sweetened whipped cream (optional) Preheat oven to 375°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Mix first 5 ingredients in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until coarse crumbs form. Combine buttermilk and clementine peel in small bowl. Add to dry ingredients, tossing until moistened. Gather dough into ball and divide in half. Transfer dough to lightly floured work surface. Flatten each half into 3/4-inch-thick rounds. Cut each round into 6 wedges and transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing 2 inches apart. Brush with egg glaze and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake scones until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.
Giant Apricot-Walnut Scones.  
Blueberry Oat Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon plus 1teaspoon baking powder. 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda. 3/4 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 11 tablespoons (1 stick plus 3 tablespoons) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons old-fashioned oats. 1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries (about 5 1/2 ounces). 1 3/4 cups chilled half and half. 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. 5 teaspoons raw sugar*. *Also called turbinado or demerara sugar; available at most supermarkets and at natural foods stores. Position 1 rack in top third and 1 rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and coarse salt in processor; blend 5 seconds. Add butter. Using on/off turns, blend until mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer mixture to large bowl. Add 1 cup oats and blueberries; stir to blend evenly. Stir half and half and vanilla in small bowl. Gradually add to flour mixture, tossing until dough just comes together (dough will be very moist). Using 1/2-cup measuring cup for each scone, drop dough in mounds onto prepared baking sheets, spacing 3 inches apart. Sprinkle tops with remaining 3 tablespoons oats, then raw sugar. Bake 15 minutes. Reverse sheets and continue baking until scones are golden and tester inserted into center from side comes out clean, about 12 minutes longer. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Wheat Germ Scones with Dried Fruits and Nuts. 1/2 cup chilled buttermilk plus additional for brushing. 3/4 cup dried berries and cherries mixture, large pieces coarsely chopped. 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. 1 1/2 cups self-rising flour. 1/3 cup honey-crunch wheat germ. 1/3 cup (packed) dark brown sugar plus additional for sprinkling. 1 teaspoon ground cardamom. 3/4 teaspoon ground ginger. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1/2 cup chopped almonds Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix 1/2 cup buttermilk, dried fruit, and vanilla in medium bowl. Whisk flour, wheat germ, 1/3 cup brown sugar, cardamom, and ginger in large bowl. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in almonds, then buttermilk mixture. Mix until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough together. Turn out onto lightly floured work surface; flatten to 8-inch round. Using large knife, cut round into 8 wedges. Place on prepared baking sheet, spacing apart. Brush scones with buttermilk and sprinkle lightly with additional brown sugar. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar and Cream Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons sugar. 1/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup (packed) coarsely grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces). 3/4 cup chilled whipping cream. 1 large egg Preheat oven to 375°F. Blend flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in processor. Using on/off turns, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cheese and cut in using on/off turns. Whisk cream and egg in small bowl. With machine running, add cream mixture through feed tube. Process just until dough begins to clump together (do not overmix). Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gather dough together; divide in half. Pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to ungreased baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool at least 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD Can be made 8 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature. If desired, rewarm in 350°F oven about 5 minutes.
Whole Grain Cranberry-Apple Scones. 1 1/2 cups whole wheat flour or white whole wheat flour. 1 cup oat flour. 1/2 cup unbleached all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1/2 cup dried cranberries. 1/2 cup diced dried apples. 1/2 cup chilled buttermilk plus more for glaze. 1/4 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed. 1 large egg. Coarse sugar crystals Preheat oven to 375°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine first 8 in large bowl; whisk to blend. Using back of fork, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add cranberries and apples and toss to distribute evenly. Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, juice concentrate, and egg to blend in small bowl. Gradually add buttermilk mixture to dry, tossing until evenly moistened. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Gently knead 2 or 3 turns to bind. Divide dough in half. Pat out each half to 6-inch-diameter, 3/4-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Arrange scones on prepared sheet, spacing at least 1 inch apart. Brush scones with buttermilk to glaze, then sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake scones until puffed and brown and tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 22 minutes. Serve warm.
Nutmeg-Scented Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup golden brown sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1 1/4 teaspoons freshly grated whole nutmeg or ground nutmeg. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 cup sour cream. 1 egg white, beaten to blend with 2 teaspoons water (for glaze). 2 teaspoons sugar Preheat oven to 425°F. Combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, baking soda, and salt in processor; blend 10 seconds. Using on/off turns, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add sour cream. Using on/off turns, blend until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto floured work surface. Knead 4 turns to form ball. Roll out dough to 8-inch square (about 3/4 inch thick). Cut square into 8 wedges. Brush with egg-white glaze; sprinkle with 2 teaspoons sugar and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. DO AHEAD Can be made 3 days ahead. Store scones airtight at room temperature. Rewarm in 350°F oven 10 minutes, if desired.
Mini Star-Anise Scones. 2/3 cup (about) heavy whipping cream, divided. 1 large egg. 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel. 2 1/4 cups cake flour. 3 1/2 tablespoons sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons freshly ground star anise. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon coarse kosher salt. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter. 1/2 cup raisins. 1. 2 tablespoons heavy whipping cream. 2 tablespoons raw sugar Preheat oven to 400°F. Whisk 1/2 cup cream, egg, and lemon peel in medium bowl. Whisk flour and next 5 ingredients in large bowl. Using large holes of box grater, grate butter over dry ingredients. Using fingertips, blend until coarse meal forms. Add raisins and cream mixture. Stir until moist clumps form, adding more cream by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn out onto floured surface; knead just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1/2-inch-thick round. Using 2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet. Brush tops of scones with 2 tablespoons cream; sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until golden and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Glazed Raspberry Heart Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 5 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons whipping cream. 1/3 cup (about) raspberry jam (do not use seedless). 1. 1/2 cup powdered sugar. 1/4 teaspoon rose water (optional) Preheat oven to 400°F. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in large bowl. Add butter; rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles fine meal. Gradually add 1 cup cream, mixing until dough comes together. Turn dough out onto sheet of foil; pat to 1/2-inch thickness. Using 3-inch heart-shaped or round cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps; pat to 1/2-inch thickness and cut out additional scones. Using floured knife, start at point of each heart and cut horizontally halfway through scones; fill with 1 generous teaspoon jam (jam will show at edges). Transfer to baking sheet. Bake scones until brown, about 18 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool scones until slightly warm. Meanwhile, mix powdered sugar, remaining 3 tablespoons cream, and rose water in bowl to blend. Spread glaze over scones. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
Meyer Lemon and Dried Blueberry Scones. 3 cups self-rising flour. 1/2 cup plus 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 1 1/2 cups dried wild blueberries (about 10 ounces). 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon buttermilk. 1 1/2 tablespoons finely grated Meyer lemon peel or regular lemon peel Position rack in top third of oven and preheat to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk self-rising flour and 1/2 cup sugar in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in chilled butter until pieces are size of small peas. Add dried wild blueberries and toss to coat. Mix 1 cup buttermilk and finely grated lemon peel in glass measuring cup. Pour buttermilk mixture into dry and stir until dough begins to form (some of flour will not be incorporated). Transfer dough to lightly floured work surface and gather together. Knead dough briefly, about 5 turns. Divide dough in half. Form each dough half into ball and flatten into 1-inch-thick disk. Cut each disk into 6 wedges. Transfer scones to prepared baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Brush tops with remaining 1 tablespoon buttermilk and sprinkle with remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown on top and toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes.
Dried Cranberry, Walnut, and Lemon Scones. 2 tablespoons plus 1 cup sugar. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided. 1. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, dived. 1 cup dried sweetened cranberries. 1/2 cup coarsely chopped walnuts. 1/2 cup (or more) chilled half and half, divided Position rack in top third of oven; preheat to 375°F. Line baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in bowl for glaze. Whisk flour, baking powder, lemon peel, salt, and 1 cup sugar in large bowl. Add chilled butter; using fingertips, rub in until coarse meal forms. Mix in cranberries and walnuts. Add 1/2 cup half and half and1 tablespoon lemon juice. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps, adding more half and half if dough is dry. Gather dough into ball; divide in half. Press out each half on floured surface to 6-inch-diameter (1-inch-high) round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to baking sheet; brush with glaze. Bake scones until golden and tester comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Butterscotch Drop Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 3/4 teaspoon salt. 1/2 cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, diced. 1 cup butterscotch chips (about 6 ounces). 1/2 cup (or more) chilled whipping cream. 1 large egg Preheat oven to 400°F. Sift all purpose flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt into medium bowl. Add chilled butter; using fingertips, rub in until coarse meal forms. Mix in chips. Whisk 1/2 cup cream and egg in small bowl to blend. Gradually add cream mixture to dry ingredients, tossing with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Add more cream by teaspoonfuls if dough is dry. Drop dough by 1/4 cupfuls onto large rimmed baking sheet, spacing apart. Bake scones until golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Cheddar Cheese Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/4 cup minced fresh chives. 1 cup (packed) coarsely shredded extra-sharp cheddar cheese. 3/4 cup (or more) chilled whole milk. 2 large eggs. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard. Sesame seeds Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large rimmed baking sheet with flour. Whisk first 3 ingredients in large bowl. Stir in chives and cheese. Whisk 3/4 cup milk, 1 egg, oil, and mustard in small bowl. Gradually add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until moist clumps form and adding more milk by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface; knead just until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps and repeat. Transfer to prepared sheet. Whisk remaining egg in small cup; brush over scones. Sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool scones on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm.
Classic Scones. 2 1/4 cups self-rising flour. 1 tablespoon sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 3/4 cup (or more) chilled whole milk. 1 large egg. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. 1. Butter. Jam. Whipped heavy cream Preheat oven to 425°F. Sprinkle large rimmed baking sheet with flour. Whisk flour, sugar, and baking powder in large bowl. Whisk 3/4 cup milk, egg, and oil in small bowl to blend. Gradually add milk mixture to dry ingredients, tossing until moist clumps form and adding more milk by tablespoonfuls if dough is dry. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface; knead gently for several turns until dough comes together. Pat out dough to 1-inch-thick round. Using 2 1/2-inch-diameter cutter, cut out scones. Gather dough scraps; press out to 1-inch thickness and cut out more scones. Transfer to prepared sheet. Bake scones until golden on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 14 minutes. Cool on sheet 5 minutes. Transfer to basket. Serve warm with butter, jam, and whipped cream.
Walnut, Golden Raisin, and Fennel Seed Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 6 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 2 large egg yolks. 1/2 cup buttermilk. 1/2 cup golden raisins. 1/3 cup chopped toasted walnuts. 1 tablespoon fennel seeds. 1 large egg beaten to blend with 1 tablespoon water (for glaze) Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter large baking sheet. Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl to blend. Add butter. Using fingertips, blend mixture until coarse meal forms. Whisk egg yolks and buttermilk in small bowl to blend. Slowly stir egg mixture into flour mixture. Gently stir in raisins, walnuts, and fennel seeds. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently just until smooth, about 4 turns. Divide dough in half; pat each half into 6-inch round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer scones to prepared baking sheet. Brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are light brown, about 17 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Oatmeal-Currant Scones. 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup old-fashioned oats. 6 tablespoons sugar. 2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/4 teaspoon salt. 12 tablespoons (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1 large egg, beaten to blend. 1/2 cup buttermilk. 1/3 cup dried currants. 1 large egg yolk, beaten to blend. Additional sugar Preheat oven to 400°F. Flour large baking sheet. Blend first 6 ingredients in processor until oats are coarsely ground. Add butter; cut in using on/off turns until coarse meal forms. Transfer to bowl. Add beaten whole egg and buttermilk. Using fork, stir to incorporate. Mix in currants (dough will be sticky). Turn dough out onto floured surface. Using floured hands, shape dough into 8-inch round. Using floured 1 3/4-inch-diameter cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, reshape, and cut out more scones. Transfer to sheet. Brush tops with yolk. Sprinkle with additional sugar. Bake scones until golden, about 18 minutes. Cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Let stand at room temperature.
Molasses-Glazed Pecan Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 3/4 cup (packed) golden brown sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup pecans, toasted, broken into pieces. 2/3 cup buttermilk. 2 large egg yolks. 1 teaspoon maple extract. 1. 2 tablespoons whipping cream. 2/3 cup powdered sugar. 1/2 teaspoon mild-flavored (light) molasses Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Combine flour, 1/4 cup brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl; whisk to blend. Add 6 tablespoons butter; using fingertips, rub in until butter is reduced to pea-size pieces. Mix in pecans. Whisk buttermilk, egg yolks, and extract in medium bowl. Add to flour mixture. Toss with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Press dough out on lightly floured surface to 8-inch round; cut into 6 wedges. Arrange wedges 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes; transfer to rack. Whisk remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, and cream in heavy small saucepan over low heat until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat. Whisk in powdered sugar and molasses. Spread glaze over warm scones. Let stand until glaze sets, at least 30 minutes.
Raspberry-Hazelnut Scones. 2 1/4 cups unbleached all purpose flour. 1/3 cup sugar. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into 1/2-inch cubes. 3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons chilled whipping cream. 3/4 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, coarsely chopped. 1. 4 tablespoons raspberry preserves Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in processor; blend 5 seconds. Add butter and blend, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 3/4 cup cream. Blend, using on/off turns, just until dough comes together. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup nuts. Gently knead with 4 or 5 turns to mix in nuts. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces; shape each into ball. Press out each to 6-inch round (about 1/4 inch thick). Spread preserves over 2 rounds, leaving 1/2-inch plain border. Place 1 plain dough round atop each preserve-covered round; seal edges. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap in plastic and chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Butter large baking sheet. Place rounds on work surface. Brush each with 1 tablespoon remaining cream; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup nuts, dividing equally and pressing to adhere. Using large knife, cut each round into 6 wedges. Arrange wedges on prepared sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. Bake scones until puffed and deep golden, about 16 minutes. Transfer to platter or napkin-lined basket. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Caramelized-Onion and Parmesan Cream Scones. 2 tablespoons olive oil. 1 large onion, cut into 1/2-inch squares (about 2 cups). 1. 4 cups cake flour or all purpose flour. 4 teaspoons baking powder. 1 tablespoon course salt. 2 cups freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 5 ounces). 2 cups chilled whipping cream Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 375°F. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add onion; sauté until golden. Season with salt and pepper. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Mix in cheese. Stir in onion mixture. Gradually add cream, stirring until dough comes together. Knead gently in bowl 5 turns. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half; sprinkle lightly with flour if sticky. Pat each half into 3/4-inch-thick round. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer wedges to large baking sheet, spacing evenly apart. Bake scones until tops are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer scones to rack and cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Maple-Pecan Scones. 2 cups all purpose flour. 1/2 cup sugar. 2 teaspoons baking powder. 1/4 teaspoon salt. 6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces. 1/2 cup toasted chopped pecans. 3/4 cup whipping cream. 2 large egg yolks. 1 1/4 teaspoons maple extract. 1 egg, beaten to blend with 1 teaspoon water (for glaze) Preheat oven to 425°F. Line large baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in large bowl. Using fingertips, rub in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in chopped pecans. Whisk cream, egg yolks, and maple extract in medium bowl to blend. Pour over flour mixture; stir until moist clumps form. Turn dough out onto lightly floured work surface and knead gently until smooth, about 4 turns. Pat dough out to 1/2-inch-thick round. Using 2-inch-diameter fluted cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps. Pat out dough and cut out additional scones. Transfer scones to prepared baking sheet. Brush with egg glaze. Bake until scones are browned and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Warm Cheddar Scones with Cumin. 3 cups self-rising flour. 2 1/2 tablespoons sugar. 1 tablespoon cumin seeds. 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, room temperature. 1 cup buttermilk. 1 large egg, beaten to blend with 1 tablespoon water. 9 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, grated (about 3 cups) Place flour, sugar and cumin seeds in large bowl. Add butter. Using handheld mixer, beat until coarse crumbs form. Beat in buttermilk and all but 1 tablespoon egg mixture. Add 2/3 of cheddar cheese and beat just until incorporated. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Using floured hands, divide dough into 2 pieces. Pat each piece into 7-inch-diameter round. Brush rounds with reserved 1 tablespoon egg mixture. Sprinkle with remaining cheese, dividing equally. Cut each round into 6 wedges. Transfer to large baking sheet, spacing 1/2 inch apart. DO AHEAD Scones can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Preheat oven to 400°F. Bake scones until golden brown on top, about 25 minutes. Let scones cool on baking sheet 10 minutes. Serve warm.
Lemon-Poppy Seed Scones. 3 cups all purpose flour. 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. 3 tablespoons poppy seeds. 1 tablespoon baking powder. 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel. 1 teaspoon salt. 10 tablespoons (1 1/4 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces. 1 large egg. 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice. 1/3 (or more) cup whole milk Preheat oven to 375°F. Position rack in top third of oven. Mix flour, 1 cup sugar, poppy seeds, baking powder, lemon peel and salt in processor. Add butter and cut in, using on/off turns, until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk egg and lemon juice in medium bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture. Using on/off turns, process until moist clumps form. Add ⅓ cup milk. Using on/off turns, process just until dough comes together, adding more milk if dough seems dry. Using floured hands, gather dough into ball. Flatten into 8-inch round. Cut round into 8 wedges. Transfer scones to large baking sheet; brush with milk. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake until scones are golden brown and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer to rack and cool. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.
Heart-Shaped Dried Cherry and Chocolate Chip Scones. 2 cups unbleached all purpose flour. 1/3 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar. 1 teaspoon baking powder. 1/2 teaspoon baking soda. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 7 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, diced. 1 teaspoon (packed) grated orange peel. 3/4 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips. 3/4 cup coarsely chopped dried tart cherries. 2/3 cup chilled buttermilk. 1 large egg yolk. 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. 1/4 teaspoon almond extract. 1. Milk (for glaze) Butter and flour baking sheet. Whisk 2 cups flour, 1/3 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Add butter and grated orange peel; rub in with fingertips until coarse meal forms. Mix in chocolate chips and dried cherries. Whisk buttermilk, egg yolk, vanilla extract, and almond extract in small bowl to blend. Add buttermilk mixture to dry ingredients; stir with fork until dough comes together in moist clumps. Gather dough into ball. Press out dough on lightly floured surface to 3/4-inch thickness. Using 2-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out scones. Gather scraps, press out dough and cut out additional scones. Transfer to baking sheet, spacing 1 inch apart. DO AHEAD Can be made 1 day ahead. Cover; chill. Preheat oven to 400°F. Brush scones lightly with milk; sprinkle with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until scones are crusty on top and tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 15 minutes (or up to 20 minutes if refrigerated). Serve warm or at room temperature.